http://www.freedomscientific.com/Terms-and-conditions/
Terms and Conditions
Welcome to Freedom Scientific.com. Freedom Scientific Inc. and/or its affiliates (“Freedom Scientific”) provide website features, including products and services, when you visit or shop at Freedomscientific.com (“Freedom Scientific Services”). Freedom Scientific provides Freedom Scientific Services subject to the following conditions.
By using Freedom Scientific Services you agree to these conditions. Please read them carefully.
We offer a wide range of Freedom Scientific Services; and sometimes, additional terms may apply. When you use a Freedom Scientific Service you also will be subject to the guidelines, terms and agreements applicable to that Freedom Scientific Service (“Service Terms”). If these Conditions of Use are inconsistent with the Service Terms, those Service Terms will control.
Privacy
Please review our Privacy Policy, which also governs your use of Freedom Scientific Services, to understand our practices.
License and Access
Subject to your compliance with these Conditions of Use and your payment of any applicable fees, Freedom Scientific or its content providers grant you a limited, non-exclusive, non-transferable, non-sublicensable license to access and make personal and non-commercial use of the Freedom Scientific Services. This license does not include any resale or commercial use of any Freedom Scientific Service, or its contents; any collection and use of any product listings, descriptions, or prices; any derivative use of any Freedom Scientific Service or its contents; any downloading or copying of account information for the benefit of another merchant; or any use of data mining, robots, or similar data gathering and extraction tools. All rights not expressly granted to you in these Conditions of Use or any Service Terms are reserved and retained by Freedom Scientific or its licensors, suppliers, publishers, rightsholders, or other content providers. No Freedom Scientific Service, nor any part of any Freedom Scientific Service, may be reproduced, duplicated, copied, sold, resold, visited, or otherwise exploited for any commercial purpose without express written consent of Freedom Scientific. You may not frame or utilize framing techniques to enclose any trademark, logo, or other proprietary information (including images, text, page layout, or form) of Freedom Scientific without express written consent. You may not use any meta tags or any other “hidden text” utilizing Freedom Scientific’s name or trademarks without the express written consent of Freedom Scientific. You may not misuse the Freedom Scientific Services. You may use the Freedom Scientific Services only as permitted by law. The licenses granted by Freedom Scientific terminate if you do not comply with these Conditions of Use or any Service Terms.
Copyright Information
All content included in or made available through any Freedom Scientific Service, such as text, graphics, logos, button icons, images, audio clips, digital downloads, and data compilations is the property of Freedom Scientific or its content suppliers and protected by United States and international copyright laws. The compilation of all content included in or made available through any Freedom Scientific Service is the exclusive property of Freedom Scientific and protected by U.S. and international copyright laws. You may view, copy, download, print, and distribute content and materials, such as brochures, press releases, user manuals, videos, and so on, from Freedom Scientific Services subject to your acknowledgement that the content and materials are protected by copyrights, trademarks, trade secrets, or other proprietary rights, and that these rights are valid and protected in all forms, media and technologies existing now or hereinafter developed. All Content is copyrighted as a collective work under the U.S. copyright laws, and we own a copyright in the selection, coordination, arrangement, and enhancement of such Content.
You further acknowledge that your use of the information is for informational, personal, and non-commercial purposes only, and you will not modify or alter the documents, publications, or graphics in any way. Except as expressly noted above, you may not use, download, upload, copy, print, display, perform, reproduce, publish, license, post, transmit, or distribute any information from Freedom Scientific Services in whole or in part without the prior written permission of Freedom Scientific.
Trademarks
Click here to see a non-exhaustive list of Freedom Scientific trademarks. In addition, graphics, logos, page headers, button icons, scripts, and service names included in or made available through any Freedom Scientific Service are trademarks or trade dress of Freedom Scientific in the U.S. and other countries. Freedom Scientific’s trademarks and trade dress may not be used in connection with any product or service that is not Freedom Scientific’s, in any manner that is likely to cause confusion among customers, or in any manner that disparages or discredits Freedom Scientific. All other trademarks not owned by Freedom Scientific that appear in any Freedom Scientific Service are the property of their respective owners, who may or may not be affiliated with, connected to, or sponsored by Freedom Scientific..
Links to Third-party Sites
Freedom Scientific Services may contain hyperlinks to websites controlled by parties other than Freedom Scientific. Freedom Scientific is not responsible for and does not endorse or accept any responsibility over the contents or use of these websites. It is up to you to take precautions to ensure that whatever you select for your use is free of such items as viruses, worms, Trojan horses, and other items of a destructive nature.
Warranties and Disclaimers
Freedom Scientific Services are provided on an “as is” and “as available” basis. Freedom Scientific does not warrant the accuracy, integrity, or completeness of Freedom Scientific Services. Neither Freedom Scientific, nor its affiliates, subsidiaries, or designees, nor any of their officers, directors, employees, agents, third-party content providers, designers, contractors, distributors, merchants, sponsors, licensors, or the like warrant that use of Freedom Scientific Services will be uninterrupted or error-free. Under no circumstances shall Freedom Scientific be liable for any direct, indirect, incidental, special, or consequential damages that result from the use of or inability to use Freedom Scientific Services, including but not limited to reliance by a user on any information obtained from Freedom Scientific Services, or that results from mistakes, omissions, interruptions, deletion of files or email, errors, defects, viruses, delays in operation or transmission, or any failure of performance, whether or not resulting from acts of God, communications failure, theft, destruction, or unauthorized access to Freedom Scientific records, programs, or services. The foregoing limitation of liability shall apply whether in an action of contract, negligence, or other tortious action, even if an authorized representative of Freedom Scientific has been advised of or should have knowledge of the possibility of such damages.
Prices and availability of Freedom Scientific Services are subject to change without notice. Errors will be corrected when discovered, and we reserve the right to revoke any stated offer and to correct any errors, inaccuracies, or omissions, including after an order has been submitted.
Certain state laws do not allow limitations on implied warranties or the exclusion or limitation of certain damages. If these laws apply to you, some or all of the above disclaimers, exclusions, or limitations may not apply to you, and you might have additional rights.
Electronic Communications
When you use any Freedom Scientific Service, or send e-mails to us, you are communicating with us electronically. You consent to receive communications from us electronically. We will communicate with you by e-mail or by posting notices on this site or through the other Freedom Scientific Services. You agree that all agreements, notices, disclosures and other communications that we provide to you electronically satisfy any legal requirement that such communications be in writing.
Risk of Loss
All items purchased from Freedom Scientific are made pursuant to a shipment contract. This means that the risk of loss and title for such items pass to you upon our delivery to the carrier.
Applicable Law
By using any Freedom Scientific Service, you agree that the Federal Arbitration Act, applicable federal law, and the laws of the state of Florida, without regard to principles of conflict of laws, will govern these Conditions of Use and any dispute of any sort that might arise between you and Freedom Scientific.
Disputes
Any dispute relating in any way Freedom Scientific Services shall be submitted to confidential arbitration in St. Petersburg, Florida, except that, to the extent you have in any manner violated or threatened to violate Freedom Scientific’s intellectual property rights, Freedom Scientific may seek injunctive or other appropriate relief in any state or federal court in the State of Florida, and you consent to exclusive jurisdiction and venue in such courts. The Federal Arbitration Act and federal arbitration law apply to this agreement. The arbitrator’s award shall be binding and may be entered as a judgment in any court of competent jurisdiction. To the fullest extent permitted by applicable law, no arbitration under this Agreement shall be joined to an arbitration involving any other party subject to this Agreement, whether through class arbitration proceedings or otherwise.