https://www.opticsforyou.com/return-policy.html
OpticsForYou Return Policy
email
Please Enable Your Browser's Cookies Functionality
Cookies are not currently enabled in your browser, and due to this the functionality of our site will be severely restricted.
Web browser based cookies allow us to customize our site for you, save items in your cart,
and provide you with a great experience when shopping OpticsForYou.
Your privacy is important to us, and any personal information you supply to us is kept strictly confidential.
If you cannot enable cookies in your browser, please contact us — we are always here to help!
JavaScript is blocked by AdBlocker or ScriptBlocker
We're sorry - it looks like some elements of OpticsForYou are being disabled by your AdBlocker.
Unfortunately we are unable to offer our excellent shopping experience without JavaScript.
Please add "opticsforyou.com" and "https://oul.0ps.us/assets-69163122eb0/" to whitelist,
or disable AdBlocker for this site (please note that we do NOT feature any annoying ads on this website).
Thanks!
OpticsForYou Return Policy
— Page 1
Attention Holiday Shoppers!
Gift shopping can be tough, but OpticsForYou is here to make it easier. With our Hassle-Free Extended Holiday Returns, eligible orders placed through December 24, 2020 will benefit from an extended return deadline (January 15, 2021 or 30 days after receipt of your order - whichever is later). We'll even pay for return shipping on eligible orders returned for store credit or an exchange when you select a Free Pre-Paid Return Shipping Label!
To take advantage of our special offer, follow the normal RMA Request process, choose "Store Credit" or "Exchange" as the return method, and select the "Print a FREE pre-paid shipping label" option in the Return Method section. It's as simple as that! Standard return requirements and exceptions apply.
We want your experience with us to be easy and hassle-free. If, for any reason, you are not completely satisfied with your purchase, you may return most items within 30 days of receipt of merchandise for an exchange or full refund. For your convenience, OpticsForYou offers a FREE pre-paid shipping label for qualifying domestic returns.
Please complete an RMA Request Form for all returns. Upon completion, follow the provided return instructions and return the merchandise within 10 business days to ensure that your exchange or refund is processed in a timely fashion.
You'll find answers to the most asked questions about returning items below!
How do I complete a Return Merchandise Authorization Form?
OpticsForYou has created a simple and hassle-free Return and Exchange process with step-by-step guidelines for your convenience. To return an item, please follow these steps:
With a pre-paid return shipping label:
Fill out and submit the RMA Request Form online to obtain a Return Merchandise Authorization (RMA) number. We are unable to accept a return without a completed RMA Request Form and RMA number.
Select one of the "pre-paid shipping label" options in the RMA Form. If returning the item for an exchange or store credit, you will have the option of a FREE pre-paid shipping label. If you would prefer to receive a full refund back on your original payment method (as opposed to returning for store credit or an exchange), you will still have the option to print a pre-paid label, and OpticsForYou will deduct $7.99 from the amount of your refund to cover the cost of return shipping.
Upon submission of the RMA Request Form, the Return Instructions, Return Summary and Shipping Label page appears. This page contains your RMA number, which is only active for 10 business days.
Pack the item(s) securely using the original packing material to prevent any damage while in transit. OpticsForYou is not responsible for any damage due to inadequate packaging and additional charges may apply if the item is damaged.
Please make sure you include all promotional materials, accessories, manuals, or other items included with the original shipment.
Print out the "Return Summary" form and place inside the box.
Print out the "Shipping Label" and attach to the outside of the box.
Once sealed and labeled, drop off your return at the shipping carrier's facility as indicated in the Return Instructions.
With your own shipping label:
Fill out and submit an RMA Request Form online to obtain a Return Merchandise Authorization (RMA) number. We are unable to accept a return without a completed RMA Request Form and RMA number.
Select "Provide my own shipping label" in the Shipping Options section.
Upon submission of the RMA Request Form, the Return Instructions, Return Summary and Merchandise Return Tag page appears. This page contains your RMA number, which is only active for 10 business days.
Pack the item(s) securely using the original packing material to prevent any damage while in transit.
Please make sure you include all promotional materials, accessories, manuals, or other items included with the original shipment.
Print out the "Return Summary" form and place inside the box.
We recommend that customers insure packages for their full value. We are not responsible for returned merchandise until it is signed for at our warehouse. Therefore, customers are responsible in cases where a returned package is lost, stolen or damaged in transit.
We cannot accept COD shipments or in-person drop off. To ensure proper delivery, we highly recommend that you choose a carrier that offers delivery notifications (e.g., UPS, USPS or FedEx).
You will be notified via email once the return is received and processed with all the information about your exchange or refund.
How do I take advantage of free return shipping?
To take the worry and hassle out of returns and exchanges, OpticsForYou offers FREE return shipping for most items on domestic orders returned for an exchange or store credit.
To take advantage of this offer, simply follow the regular RMA process and select "Print a FREE pre-paid shipping label" in the Shipping Options section. The shipping label generated will allow you to return your merchandise to OpticsForYou for an exchange or store credit at no additional cost to you. It's as simple as that! A copy of the return shipping label is also sent via email and can be printed at your convenience.
Please be sure to use the provided label to take advantage of the FREE return shipping offer. We are unable to provide reimbursement for return shipping charges to customers failing to use their pre-paid shipping label.
Can you reimburse me for return shipping costs?
No, we cannot. Our free return shipping offer only applies to qualifying orders returned for exchange or as store credit using our pre-paid label.
Can I get a refund to my original payment method instead of as store credit?
Absolutely! If you would like to receive a full refund back on your original payment method, you can either use a pre-paid return label or arrange your own shipping. If you use our pre-paid label, we will deduct $7.99 from the amount of your refund to cover the cost of return shipping.
How long does it take you to process a return once OpticsForYou receives it?
OpticsForYou processes all returns within 10 business days of the receipt of the returned merchandise. Credit card companies vary in the time required to post credits back to a customer's account. Please consult your credit card company for additional information regarding credit policies. For PayPal orders, refunds will need to be withdrawn from your PayPal account to reflect on your credit card statement.
What requirements are there for an item to be eligible for return?
There are a few requirements for us to an accept a return:
The item must be returned in NEW condition (not used, worn, broken, mounted, etc.)
The item must be returned in the original manufacturer's packaging with all original contents (such as instruction manuals, accessories, and additional components)
If the item is part of a kit or bundle, the entire kit or bundle must be returned
Any free gifts or promotional items shipped with the item must also be returned (for example, a free lens cloth that came as a gift with a binocular)
Some items are not eligible for return in any case or have additional limitations (exceptions listed in later sections)
If the free gift associated with the item was a gift certificate or other similar item, that free gift will be voided as part of the return process. If it was already used, we reserve the right to refuse the entire product return or refund the customer less the amount utilized from the free gift.
Certain items may require additional documentation at the time of return.
Finally, OpticsForYou offers several items that are restricted for sale in the United States of America by federal, state, and/or local laws and regulations. Such federal, state, and/or local laws and regulations are subject to change. In the event of such change, OpticsForYou reserves the right to deny any return if it is illegal to ship, use, carry, possess, purchase, own, or sell such restricted product. Per our Domestic Compliance Policy, it is ultimately the Customer's responsibility to investigate and ensure that any item is legal to use, carry, possess, purchase and/or own within the Customer's intended federal, state and/or local area.
What are the exceptions to OpticsForYou's Return Policy?
Unfortunately, OpticsForYou is unable to accept returns or exchanges for the following:
All items marked as Final Sale at time of purchase.
Installed goods, e.g., a riflescope mounted and/or assembled onto a firearm
Oversized items, e.g., gun safes
Hygienic products, e.g., mouth-blown game calls, personal protective equipment, respirators, and masks
Hazardous items (as marked on our website)
Safety products, e.g., climbing gear or helmets
Food products, e.g., dehydrated foods, MREs, energy consumables, supplements, powders, etc.
Binary Triggers
Customized or personalized products
Special order items, including promotional and corporate merchandise
PPE, protection devices, health supplies and cleaning supplies
Currently, OpticsForYou charges restocking fees on the return of:
Electronic products
Items removed from plastic blister packaging, e.g., lamps, film, batteries, memory cards, etc.
Laboratory items
What is your Return Policy on Laboratory Products?
Return of any Laboratory products must be requested within 15 days and returned within 30 days from the receipt of merchandise.
Return requests for any Laboratory products must be pre-authorized prior to shipping the items back.
In order to be pre-authorized for a return, customers must fill out the RMA Form for a pre-authorization of the return, and an OpticsForYou Representative will contact the customer by phone or email within 1-3 business days to issue an RMA number and provide further instructions, if the return is authorized. In pre-authorization cases, a pre-paid shipping label is not available through the RMA Form process but will be emailed to you instead if the return is authorized.
If certain limitations apply, the authorization may not be approved for a return. These limitations are, but are not limited to:
Custom-made or special-order products
All chemicals
Expired, refrigerated, radioactive or DEA-regulated materials
Opened containers or any item NOT in its original manufacturer packaging
All Returns for Laboratory Products can be subject to a restocking fee of up to 35%.
OpticsForYou reserves the right to refuse the Return of any Laboratory products which do not have a pre-authorization.
What is your Return Policy on High-Value and/or Volume Orders? Are there any other items that are considered a Special Return?
The return of any High Value and/or Volume Orders must be pre-authorized prior to shipping the item back to OpticsForYou.
In order to be pre-authorized, customers must fill out the RMA form for a pre-authorization of the return. An OpticsForYou Representative will contact you via phone or email within 1-3 business days to issue an RMA number and provide further return instructions, if the return is authorized. In pre-authorization cases, a pre-paid shipping label is not available through the RMA Form process, but will be emailed to you instead if the return is authorized.
A request for a return does not constitute authorization to return the merchandise. OpticsForYou reserves the right to refuse any return which does not have a pre-authorization.
Does OpticsForYou charge restocking fees?
OpticsForYou does not charge restocking fees for most items sent back within 30 days of receipt of merchandise. Restocking fees do not apply for items that are returned new, unused and with all original packaging and accessories, provided all Return Conditions are met and all Return Instructions are followed.
Unfortunately, there are a few limited exceptions listed under the question "What are the exceptions to OpticsForYou's return policy?"
OpticsForYou reserves the right to charge a restocking fee of up to 15% on returns of opened, used or damaged products and for those returns not following our Return and Exchange Instructions, or to outright refuse the return entirely. Please review those instructions carefully before initiating a return.
Can I exchange my product for another item?
OpticsForYou will gladly fulfill an exchange for an item that meets our conditions for return! Please follow the Return and Exchange Instructions to request an RMA and select the appropriate Exchange option in the Return Type section.
How do I obtain a refund?
Product Refund
To obtain a refund as store credit or to your original payment method, please adhere to our Return Conditions and follow our Return and Exchange Instructions. Refunds will be issued after the merchandise has been received, evaluated and processed by our Returns Team.
Shipping Refunds
OpticsForYou proudly ships most ground orders free of charge for orders over $49. Unfortunately, for orders not qualifying for free shipping, we are unable to offer refunds for shipping charges, including but not limited to, domestic ground, Express or international shipping. Please be advised that we are unable to refund any fees imposed by an entity other than OpticsForYou e.g., customs or brokerage fees.
Can I drop off merchandise directly to OpticsForYou's Northbrook, IL facility?
Unfortunately, to ensure that all returns are processed in a timely manner, OpticsForYou is unable to accept returns dropped off by customers at its Northbrook, IL headquarters at this time.
How do I return a product that arrives defective or is not the item I ordered?
Absolutely. Please generate a Return Merchandise Authorization (RMA) Number. Please select the appropriate Return Reason and provide additional details on the nature of the problem in the Item Description section. If your defective/wrong product does not qualify for the pre-paid return shipping label, contact us and OpticsForYou will provide a pre-paid label via email to cover all return expenses.
Once a return is received by OpticsForYou, the Returns department will process the RMA according to our policy. If the item is not defective, broken, incorrect, or if the customer misused the merchandise, OpticsForYou reserves the right to charge the customer's account for the return shipping fees or refuse the return entirely.
What if I want to return an item after the 30 days have elapsed?
Unfortunately, OpticsForYou is unable to accept any returns after 30 days elapse from the receipt of merchandise. If you have return inquiries more than 30 days after receipt of merchandise, please contact the manufacturer directly for possible repair or replacement.
What if I still have additional questions regarding the Return Policy?
Please feel free to contact us if you have any questions.
OpticsForYou Return Policy