https://www.tapestries-tapestry.com/privacypolicy
Login
My Wishlist
Cart
0 item(s) - $0.00
Your shopping cart is empty!
Login
×
Sign in with your social network account
OR
E-Mail
Password
Forgotten Password
Categories
Wall Tapestries
Shop By Styles
Animals & Wildlife
Art Tapestry
Castle & Monument Tapestry
Chenille Tapestry
City & Country Tapestries
Contemporary Tapestries
Famous Artist Tapestries
Flanders Tapestry
Floral & Still Life Tapestries
Homes & Estates
Landscape & Lake Tapestries
Large Tapestries
Medieval Tapestry
Nautical Tapestry
North American Tapestry
Object & Element Tapestries
Oriental Tapestry
Pansu Tapestry
People
Portiere Tapestries
Religious Tapestry
Seascape Tapestries
Sports & Music
Stretched Tapestries
Wine & Feast
Shop By Rooms
Bed Room
Dining Room
Drawing Room
Entrance
Kitchen Room
Living Room
Office
All European Tapestries
Belgian Tapestries
Italian Tapestries
French Tapestries
Afghan Throws
Angel Throws
Animal & Wildlife Throws
Animals, Birds & Wild Life
Bayeux Throw
City & Country Throws
Dogs & Cats
Famous Artists Throws
Flag Throws
Fleur De Lys
Flora & Still Life Throws
Fruits & Vegetables
Garden Landscape Throw
Gift Throws
Hobby & Sport Throws
Kids' Throws
Lady and the Unicorn
Medieval Throws
Modern Throws
Music & Dance Throws
Nautical & Map Throws
Religious Throws
Romance & Myth
Spirit of America Throws
Treee of Life
Unicorn
Tapestry Cushions
Shop By Styles
16th -19th Century Cushions
Alice In Wonderland
Angels
Animal & Wildlife Cushions
Art De Lys Cushion
Art Nouveau Cushions
Battles & Tournaments
Bayeux Cushions
Beatrix Potter
Blossom & Bloom Cushions
Chateaus
Cicely Mary Barker Fairy Cushions
City & Country Cushions
Contemporary Cushions
Couch Pillows
Crest & Court of Arms
Decorative Pillows
Dogs & Cats
Equestrian
Famous Artists
Famous Places
Flanders Cushion
Fleur De Lys
Floor Pillows
Flora & Fauna
Floral & Still Life
Floral Cushions
Fruit Cushions
Fruits & Vegetables
Holidays
Homes & Estates
Hunting
J Pansu Cushion
Kids' Cushions
Lady and the Unicorn
Landscape and Lake
Maps
Medieval Cushions
Middle Ages
Mille Fleur
Modern Pillows
Nautical Cushions
Noble & Knight Cushions
Ocean & Sea Wildlife
People
Religious Cushions
Renaissance Cushions
Romance & Myth Cushions
Sports & Music Cushions
Tapestry Cushions
Throw Pillows
Tree of life
Unicorn Cushions
Wine & Feast Cushions
Shop By Rooms
Bed Room
Dining Room
Drawing Room
Entrance
Living Room
Office
All European Cushions
Belgian Cushion
French Cushion
Canvas Art
2 Piece Oil Paintings
3 Piece Oil Paintings
4 Piece Oil Paintings
5 Piece Oil Paintings
Abstract Oil Paintings
African Oil Paintings
Animal Oil Paintings
Canvas Oil Paintings
City & Country Oil Paintings
Coastal & Seascape
Courtyard & Terrace
Equestrian
Famous Artist Oil Paintings
Famous Places
Floral & Still Life Oil Paintings
Garden Landscape Oil Paintings
Homes & Estates
Horses
Kitchen Oil Paintings
Medieval Oil Paintings
Modern Art Oil Paintings
Music & Sports Oil Paintings
Nautical Oil Paintings
People Oil Paintings
Religious Oil Painting
Romance Oil Paintings
Vincent Van Gogh
Wine Oil Paintings
Home Accents
Bolsters
Cicely Mary Barker Fairy Cushions
Kids' Cushions
Cosmetic Bags
Metal-Wall-Art
Tapestry
Tassels
Tapestry Bell Pulls
Tapestry Handbags
Animals, Birds & Wild Life
Floral Tapestry Handbags
Tapestry Clutches
Tapestry Tote Bags
Tapestry Rods
Tapestry Table Runners
Special Offer
Tapestries
Throws
European Tapestries
Belgian Tapestries
Italian Tapestries
French Tapestries
Belgian Cushion
French Cushion
Why Shop With Us
8 reasons to shop at Tapestries-Tapestry.com
10% Price match & beat guarantee.
Widest range of Belgian, French, Italian Tapestries, Decorative Pillows, Afghan Throws & More.
Professional Customer Service & Quick Shipping.
30 days money-back guarantee
High-quality hand-finished products by European Craftsmen.
Over 405 reviews
Professional Gallery of Images & finishes
A+ Rating With the BBB
Articles
About Us
Press Releases
View Our RSS Feed
Blogs
Privacy Policy
Download Our E-Books
Terms of Service
Return Policy
Terms and Condition of purchase
Contact Us
Site Map
Privacy Policy
At Charlotte Home furnishings (www.tapestries-tapestry.com). it is important for us to provide you, our customers, with a personable and satisfying experience. We understand that your privacy is important to you and we exercise every action to ensure that your personal information is secure.
At various points through out the website we will need to collect personal information in order to provide you with the quality service we guarantee, and that might otherwise be unavailable.
We have created this privacy policy to show you what type of information we collect, how it is handled, with whom it may be shared, what choices you have regarding the use of your information and what steps are involved in securing it. This policy is updated from time to time so Charlotte Home furnishings (www.tapestries-tapestry.com). encourages you to refer back to this page periodically.
Information collection and use
Charlotte Home furnishings (www.tapestries-tapestry.com). is the sole owner of the information collected on this site. We do not sell this information to others in ways different from what is disclosed in this statement.
What information do we collect?
We collect the basic information including
first and last name
address
phone number
e-mail address
credit card number (including expiration date)
If the shipping address is different from the billing address, if the package is a gift for example, we then require the first and last name, and address of the recipient.
Your order
We request information from your specific to the order, when you are making a purchase. The information is used for billing purposes and to complete your order. The contact information is used to communicate with the customer if we have difficulty processing an order. We do not share this information with outside parties.
Newsletter
If you subscribe to Charlotte Home furnishings (www.tapestries-tapestry.com). newsletter or bulletins, or you request to be on our mailing list then we collect your name and e-mail address. The newsletter features new product offerings, news about tapestries, our new collections and seasonal specials. We do not make our mailing list available to other companies
Surveys and promotions
When you sign up for a survey, contest or any other special promotions we collect your name, address, email address, and phone number. Other possible information collected at this point may include age, interests and zip / postal code. Participation is optional.
Charlotte Home furnishings (www.tapestries-tapestry.com). only uses the individual responses in connection with our site. We do not share responses with, or make the list of members available to other companies.
Aggregate Data
We share with our partners only non-personal, aggregate statistical information regarding customers, sales, traffic patterns, and site usage. It helps us make better decisions about where and how to promote our products and services. We disclose nothing that could be used to identify any individual. We do not share individual responses or any other personally identifiable information with other companies.
Tracking
www.tapestries-tapestry.com database tracks the traffic throughout our site. This information is used to compile overall statistics and is not recorded at an individual level. This includes IP (internet protocol) addresses, browser type, ISP (internet service provider), referring/exit pages, platform type, date/time stamp, and #of clicks to analyze trends, administer the site, track user's movement in the aggregate. The statistics help us decide which products and services best serve our customers.
Third Party Policies
In some instances it is necessary for a third party to view your information. This is only practiced with companies Charlotte Home furnishings (www.tapestries-tapestry.com). has a relationship with and when it is essential for us to perform a service for you. For example a third party will require some of you personal information in order to ship the merchandise you have purchased or to process your billing information.
It may be necessary for Charlotte Home furnishings (www.tapestries-tapestry.com). to disclose personal information when complying with the law or to protect our own interests and property. This may entail sharing information with lawyers, government agencies or other companies when dealing with issues such as fraud or government subpoenas or warrants.
Links
Charlotte Home furnishings (www.tapestries-tapestry.com) contains links to other sites. Please be aware that we are not responsible for the privacy practices of such other sites. We encourage our users to be aware when they leave our site. This privacy policy applies solely to information collected by Charlotte Home furnishings (www.tapestries-tapestry.com).
Questions and comments
If you e-mail us with a question or comment we request you include your name, phone number, return e-mail address and any other information that will assist us in answering your question.
Refer a friend
Should you decide to refer us to a friend we will ask you for their name and e-mail address as well as yours so they know it was you who referred Charlotte Home furnishings (www.tapestries-tapestry.com) to them. . Charlotte Home furnishings (www.tapestries-tapestry.com) will automatically send the friend a one-time email inviting them to visit the website. They have the option to opt-out. We will not use this information for any other purpose unless permission is otherwise granted.
Correcting/updating/deleting/deactivating
If your personal information changes or you no longer desire our service, we will gladly correct, update or remove any personal data you have previously provided to us. To request a change or removal, send an email to charlotte@tapestries-tapestry.com or call us toll free at 1-866-439-9200.
Cookies and Advertising links
A cookie is a piece of data that is stored by the web server on a user's hard drive. You must have cookies enabled in order for you to be able to perform many of the general functions of the . Charlotte Home furnishings (www.tapestries-tapestry.com) website such as use the Shopping Cart. With cookies enabled, the website has the capacity to deliver you a more customized and complete shopping experience. Charlotte Home furnishings (www.tapestries-tapestry.com). does not use cookies to collect personal information such as a person's name, address or phone number. Any information collected via cookies is completely anonymous.
Security
Charlotte Home furnishings (www.tapestries-tapestry.com). takes every precaution necessary to ensure that our customer's personal information is kept personal, during and after their shopping experience.
When you place an order through our shopping basket, your personal information is protected by Secure Socket Layers (SSLs) encryption technology. While on a secure page you will be notified of this with the display of a lock icon. Similarly when you are on a page that is not secure, a no lock icon will be displayed.
All of our users' information is restricted in our offices. Only employees who need the information to perform a specific job are granted access to personally identifiable information. Every account is encrypted internally with the use of passwords to further ensure security. The servers that we store personally identifiable information on are kept in a secure environment under restricted access.
Your Consent
By using our website, you consent to the collection and use of certain information by . Charlotte Home furnishings (www.tapestries-tapestry.com). Changes to our privacy policy will be posted on this page so you will always know about the information we collect and how we use it.
Contact us
Charlotte Home furnishings (www.tapestries-tapestry.com). wants you to feel confident in your shopping experience with us. If you have any concerns about privacy and security that have not been answered in this Privacy Policy, please contact us and we will be happy to address your questions.
Privacy Policy updated July 10, 2008