http://www.northerngreenhouse.com/other/privacy-policy.shtml
1-204-327-5540
Northern Greenhouse Sales Inc.
Home
About Us
Products
Woven Poly
Our Superstrong Woven Poly
More About Our Clear Superstrong Polys
Pro Rated Warranty
Clear Polys
Silver/Black and Colored Polys
Pond Liners
Custom Made Tarps
Poly Mulching
Fastening Products
Cinchstrap
Polyfastener
Product Help
Choosing the Right Poly
Polyfastener or Cinchstrap?
Using Polyfastener
Using Cinchstrap
Attaching Poly to Metal-PVC Frame
Fastening Poly to Rafters
Prolong Your Poly Life
Projects & Ideas
Bob's Projects & Ideas
A-Frame Greenhouse
Lean-To Greenhouse
Open Air Mulched Tire Garden
Raised Growing Beds
Rebar Greenhouse
Solar Collectors
Water Trench
Customer Gallery
Pyramid Greenhouse
Five-Sided Greenhouse
Roll-Up Greenhouse
Rebar Greenhouse
Barn to Greenhouse Conversion
Pond and Waterfall
Fish Pond
Boat Shed
Clear Sails
Painted Sails
Skywalk
Clair Schwan's Greenhouses
Catalog
Request Sample
Order
Order Online
Price Charts
Pay Your Bill
Testimonials
Contact Us
- other information -
Privacy Policy
Last Updated March 4, 2011
Northern Greenhouse Sales is committed to protect your personal information in accordance with Canadian privacy legislation including the Personal Information Protection and
Electronic Documents Act (PIPEDA). Below we outline our privacy policy in accordance with the 10 guiding principles of PIPEDA:
Accountability
We have appointed a Privacy Officer to ensure compliance with our Privacy Policy and practices:
Margaret Davis
Northern Greenhouse Sales
Box 1450
Altona, MB R0G 0B0 CANADA
Margaret Davis
Northern Greenhouse Sales
Box 42
Neche, ND 58265 USA
Email
Phone 1-204-327-5540
Fax 1-204-327-5527
Identifying Purposes
We will use your personal information for the following purpose only:
Fulfillment of client orders & related services
Evaluating and investigating warranty claims
Analyzing and auditing our business results
Detecting and preventing fraud
Complying with regulatory or legal requirements
We will obtain your express consent if we collect, use or disclose your personal information for purposes other than the ones outlined above.
Consent
We seek consent for all personal information we collect, use and disclose through information provided to individuals prior to collection, or at the time of collection.
If you have voluntarily provided information you have consented to the collection, use and disclosure of your personally identifiable information as described in this privacy
policy. Information automatically supplied by a computer; such as IP addressing and/or other client/host information is also considered voluntarily provided information.
We will not use your personal information for any other purpose other than that for which you consented. Should we require personal information for a new purpose, we will contact
you to seek consent for that new use. You may withdraw your consent at any time, subject to legal contractual restrictions, by submitting a written request to our Privacy
Officer.
Limiting Collection
We will not collect, use or disclose your personal information for purposes other than those identified above without your express consent.
Limiting Use, Disclosure, and Retention
We may on occasion be required to share your personal information with affiliate or non-affiliate companies. Affiliate companies include payment processors and delivery
companies. Non-affiliate companies include legal counsel, regulatory bodies, auditors and insurers. We will only share personal information with these entities for the purposes
outlined above or where you have provided your express consent or where we are required to comply with the law. We only retain your personal information for as long as
necessary to fulfill the purpose for which it is collected or to meet legal or contractual requirements.
We do not electronically store credit card data on our computers or servers. This information is collected & stored on our behalf by our payment processor.
Accuracy
We are committed to ensure your personal information is up-to-date, accurate and complete. If you wish to update your information on file, please contact our Privacy
Officer.
Safeguards
We are committed to protect your personal information against loss from theft, unauthorized access, copying, use or modification in a manner appropriate to the sensitivity of
that information.
Openness
Our Privacy Officer will respond to any questions or concerns you may have with regard to your personal information within 30 days. If the time required to gather information
to respond appropriately to your request will take longer than this, we will notify you.
Individual Access
You may request access to your personal information at any time by submitting a written request to our Privacy Officer.
Challenging Compliance
If you have concerns about our compliance with principals set out above please contact our Privacy Officer
Home |
About Us |
Products |
Projects & Ideas |
Catalog |
Request Sample |
Order |
Testimonials |
Contact Us |
Privacy Policy |
Delivery Policy
© Northern Greenhouse Sales 2003 -
2020.
All Rights Reserved
— Last Updated December 5 —
published by Precision Design Co.