http://www.peppermaster.com/pages/our-web-site-terms-and-conditions-of-use
Skip to content
Just added to your cart
Qty:
View cart ()
Continue shopping
Submit
Close search
Free shipping on all Canadian orders over $100 & $10 flat shipping rate on all orders over $100 shipped to the US.
Our Web Site Terms and Conditions of Use
Peppermaster provides this website to you subject to the following terms and conditions, which may be updated by Peppermaster occasionally, without notice. Your use of this website constitutes acceptance of the following terms and conditions.
Disclaimers
This website, its organization and design, and all information, images, artwork, text, video, audio, pictures and other materials on this website (together, "Content") are provided "as is." The Content is believed to be accurate when it was posted on this site. However, the Content may not be accurate, complete or current. Peppermaster makes no representations or warranties of any kind, express or implied, as to the Content or the operation of this website.
Security
Email communications between you and Peppermaster may not be secure. We suggest that you encrypt all email to increase the security of your communications with us.
Limitation of Liability
Peppermaster will not be liable to you or any other party for any damages of any kind including, without limitation, indirect, special, consequential or incidental damages, lost profits, business interruption or other damages arising directly or indirectly from your use of this website or the Content.
Copyright
The Content and the copyright in the Content are owned by Peppermaster. You may download information from the website for your personal, non-commercial viewing, but you may not otherwise copy, reproduce, republish, post, transmit, display, frame in another web page, perform, distribute, modify or create derivative works from the Content without our prior written approval.
Trademarks
"Peppermaster," the Peppermaster logo, and all other Peppermaster trademarks and trade names appearing on this website are owned by Peppermaster. Unless otherwise indicated, all other trademarks appearing on this website are owned by third parties and are used by Peppermaster under license.
Privacy
Peppermaster respects your personal privacy. You may use this website without providing any personal information about yourself to us. If we ask you to provide us with any personal information, we will tell you the purposes for which we intend to use that information. We will not collect, use, or disclose that information without your consent, and we will not use or disclose that information for any other purposes without your consent. Click to view our Privacy Policy.
Linking
The sites that are linked from this website are not under our control. Peppermaster does not assume any responsibility or liability for any communications or materials available at those linked sites. All links are provided for your convenience only; they are not an endorsement or referral by Peppermaster. If you wish to provide a link to our website from your website, you may only link to our home page at http://peppermaster.com/. You may not use any Peppermaster icons or logos on your website. Without our express written consent, and you may not use the link to suggest that Peppermaster sponsors, endorses, approves of, or is affiliated with, you or your website.
Jurisdiction
These terms and conditions, your access to and use of this website, and any claims made at law or in equity against Peppermaster and representatives, arising out of such access or use or otherwise, will be governed by and construed and interpreted in accordance with the applicable Canadian laws.
Other Agreements
If there is any conflict between this agreement and any other agreement between you or your business and Peppermaster, the latter agreements will prevail.
General
Peppermaster may amend these terms and conditions at any time without notice. Accordingly, you should periodically revisit these terms and conditions to review the then-current terms and conditions governing your use of this website. If any part of these terms and conditions is unlawful, void or unenforceable, then that part is severable and will not affect the validity and enforceability of the remaining terms and conditions.
contact us
call us
Use left/right arrows to navigate the slideshow or swipe left/right if using a mobile device
Choosing a selection results in a full page refresh.
Press the space key then arrow keys to make a selection.
English
Français
Français
English