http://www.jancraigheadcovers.com/service/privacy/
Skip to main content
Design a Custom Headcover
Start Designing go
Privacy Policy
Open Navigation
Help
FAQs
Legal Terms
Privacy Policy
Shipping Policy
Contact Us
Repairs
Welcome to jancraigheadcovers.com. Jan Craig Headcovers wants you to know what information we collect from you when you visit this site, what we do with that information, and how you can change the information we have. Your use of this Internet web site indicates your acceptance of this Privacy Policy, which may be revised at any time by Jan Craig Headcovers, LLC.
What Information Is Collected
When you visit jancraigheadcovers.com, we recognize only our domain name and not your e-mail address. We will see your e-mail address only if you fill out a form or send us an e-mail message. We may also collect information about you if you register on a page, fill out a survey, place an order, upload content, participate in our contests or if you otherwise voluntarily tell us about yourself or your activities.  We collect Internet-related Information from visitors to our site, including the referring URL, your IP address, which browser you used to come to this site, the country, state or province, the pages of our site that you viewed during your visit and any search terms you entered on our site, for the purposes of system administration, to gather broad demographic information, and to monitor the level of site activity. We track customers' traffic patterns throughout their online sessions, including which pages or specific URLs a customer views while using the site. We use your Internet-related Information to diagnose problems with our servers and software and to administer our site.
How Information Is Used
When you provide information about yourself, we use it to improve our products and services and the content of this site. We may also use it to send you information about our products and services. We will provide you the opportunity to opt-out of such a commercial use or to prior opt-in when required by local law. Please see the Choice/Opt-out/Opt-in section of our Privacy Policy. User content you submit will be publicly available, thus if you include in your submission personally identifiable information, that information will become available to the general public on the site. We may create aggregate information records from personal information by excluding information that makes the information personally identifiable to you. We reserve the right to use and disclose aggregate information at our discretion.
Cookies
jancraigheadcovers.com uses cookies to track online activity of web users. A cookie is a piece of data on the user's computer tied to information about the user. Usage of a cookie is in no way linked to any personally identifiable information while on our site. With both cookies and transparent GIFs, the information that we collect is anonymous and not personally identifiable. It does not contain your name, address, telephone number, or email address.
Transparent GIFs
jancraigheadcovers.com uses pixels, or transparent GIF files, to help manage our online advertising and to help us manage our content by informing us what content is effective. Transparent GIFs are tiny graphics with a unique identifier, similar in function to cookies, and are used to track the online movements of Web users. These files enable us to recognize a unique cookie on your web browser, which in turn enables us to learn which advertisements or search engines bring users to jancraigheadcovers.com. Transparent GIFs are not tied to a user's personally identifiable information.
Use of This Website by Children
This site is not designed for, nor do we believe it is appealing to, children under the age of 13. We do not knowingly collect personally identifiable information from children under the age of 13. We encourage children to consult their parents before providing personal information and require that applicants who are under 18 years of age get parental consent before using this site and make the Choice/Opt-out/Opt-in.
Links
This site may contain links to other sites. Please be aware that we are not responsible for the privacy practices of such other sites. We encourage our users to be aware when they leave our site and to read the privacy statements of each and every site that collects personally identifiable information. This privacy statement applies solely to information collected by this site.
Security
We use reasonable efforts to protect our users' information. When users submit sensitive information via the site, we use reasonable efforts to protect our users' information both online and off-line. When our registration/order form asks users to enter sensitive information such as credit card number, that information is encrypted and is protected with encryption software. While on a secure page, such as our order form, the lock icon on the bottom of most web browsers becomes locked.
When we use software to protect your information online, we also use reasonable efforts to protect your information off-line. Access to our users' information is restricted to our employees of our company and its affiliates and agencies who need the information to perform a specific job (such as billing or shipping).
Although we have taken steps to ensure that your personal information is not collected, used, or disclosed except as set forth by this Privacy Policy, technical mistakes are possible. We will make any legally required disclosures of any breach of the security, confidentiality, or integrity of electronically stored sensitive personal data via email or by conspicuous posting on the site as soon as possible to the extent consistent with (a) the legitimate needs of law enforcement and (b) any measures necessary to determine the scope of the breach and restore the reasonable integrity of the data system.
Information Storage and Transfer
Your personal information will be kept in a database held on servers kept in a physically and technologically secure environment, accessed only by authorized personnel or contractors who are bound to keep your information confidential. We have in place procedures for training our employees about their obligations under this Privacy Policy, disciplining them for failure to follow this Policy. We also have in place internal procedures to confirm general company compliance with this Policy.
Your information will be transferred to Jan Craig Headcovers, LLC in Chicago, IL, United States of America, which location may be outside of your own country, and by providing us with your information, you are consenting to such transfer.
Correcting, Updating or Deleting Personal Information
If a user's personally identifiable information changes, or if a user no longer desires our service or in all other cases, we provide a way to access, correct, update or delete a user's personally identifiable information. This can be done by logging into your profile at jancraigheadcovers.com registration on the home page. If you request that we delete your personally identifiable information or deactivate your account we may retain aggregate information developed from your personal information.
Notification of Changes
We reserve the right to change or update this policy at any time by posting a notice to that effect on this site and other places where we deem appropriate so our users are always aware of what information we collect, how we use it, and under what circumstances, if any, we disclose it. We will use information in accordance with the privacy policy under which the information was collected. However, if we are going to use users' personally identifiable information in a manner different from that stated at the time of collection, we will notify users via email. Users will have a choice as to whether or not we use their information in this different manner. However, if users have opted out of all communication with the site, or deleted their account, then they will not be contacted, nor will their personal information be used in this new manner. In addition, if we make any changes in our privacy practices that do not affect user information already stored in our database, we will post a prominent notice on our site notifying users of the change. In some cases, where we post a notice we will also email users, who have opted to receive communications from us, notifying them of the changes in our privacy practices. Your continued use of this site constitutes your consent to these changes.
Contact Information
If users have any questions or suggestions regarding our privacy policy, please contact us by via email.
SECURITY AND DATA INTEGRITY
Jan Craig Headcovers will use personal information only in ways compatible with the purposes for which it was collected or subsequently authorized and will take reasonable precautions to protect personal information in its possession from loss, misuse, and unauthorized access, disclosure, alteration and destruction. Jan Craig Headcovers will take reasonable steps to ensure that personal information is accurate, complete, current and relevant to its intended use.
Access
Upon request and reasonable notice, Jan Craig Headcovers will grant persons reasonable access to personal information that it holds about them, and will take reasonable steps to permit correction, amendment, or deletion of information demonstrated to be inaccurate or incomplete.
Transfers
Jan Craig Headcovers will obtain assurances from its agents that they will safeguard personal information consistently with this Policy. If Jan Craig Headcovers learns that an agent is using or disclosing personal information in a manner contrary to this Policy, Jan Craig Headcovers will take steps to prevent or stop the use or disclosure.
Enforcement
Jan Craig Headcovers will conduct audits of its relevant privacy practices to verify adherence to this Policy. Any employee that Jan Craig Headcovers determines has violated this Policy will be subject to disciplinary action up to and including termination.
Close