http://www.beneash.com/privacy-policy.html
Skip to main content
Home
Privacy Policy
Beneash Perfumes & Jewelry Privacy Policy
Protecting your privacy when using our website is important to us. Please note how your data will be used.
Data for Payment
The shopping cart may collect the following shopper information for credit card processing:
Name
Email
Address (billing and/or shipping)
IP
The information is collected so that payment can be processed and shipping can occur. The payment data will be shared with a payment processor as well as the order total and possibly order details such as the products ordered. Payment processors include:
PayPal Payments Standard
Amazon Pay
manual (off-line)
Data for Analytics
Pages browsed will be logged by the Web Server. The information tracked and logged will include your IP.
Cookies
Cookies are small files stored by your browser on your device. They are used to remember preferences and improve the browsing and checkout experience. Our shopping cart uses the following cookies:
Shopping Basket Cookie — sets a basket ID to correlate to your temporary shopping cart file. (remains for up to 7 days)
Mini Cart Cookie — contains a list of products you have added to your cart. Used for displaying your shopping basket while you browse store pages. (remains for up to 7 days)
Shopper Cookie — saves email, billing address and shipping address so that the next time you check out your address information is already populated. This cookie is created when you submit an order. (is kept for 1 year)
Data Retention
Orders — When an order is completed the order information (including email, name, address, products, shipping method, etc.) is stored in a database. That information remains for up to one year.
Data Retention
Orders — Contact us to remove order data.
Cookies — Cookies can be cleared by you. The method used depends on the browser and device. See wikiHow for more information.
Fulfilling Data Requests
Contact us if you need a copy of your Orders data.
×
Total:
Continue ShoppingView Cart