http://www.frameastock.com/pages/privacy-policy
1-888-663-7862
Home
Shares
Shop Brands
Frames
Add-Ons
Disney Stock
Home
Privacy Policy
Privacy Policy
Privacy Policy
At UniqueStockGift.com, your privacy and security are our number one priority. This Privacy Policy was created to inform you of the steps we take to maintain your privacy but also provide you with information on why we gather information from you, how we collect it, how we use it, and the choices you have regarding our use of personal information you have provided.By visiting our website or using UniqueStockGift.com, you are accepting the terms described in this policy. We may modify or add to this policy on occasion, so we encourage you to review it periodically for updates.
By visiting our website or using UniqueStockGift.com, you are accepting the terms described in this policy. We may modify or add to this policy on occasion, so we encourage you to review it periodically for updates.
Prohibitions
You must not misuse this Website. You will not: commit or encourage a criminal offense; transmit or distribute a virus, trojan, worm, logic bomb or any other material which is malicious, technologically harmful, in breach of confidence or in any way offensive or obscene; hack into any aspect of the Service; corrupt data; cause annoyance to other users; infringe upon the rights of any other person's proprietary rights; send any unsolicited advertising or promotional material, commonly referred to as "spam"; or attempt to affect the performance or functionality of any computer facilities of or accessed through this Website. Breaching this provision would constitute a criminal offense and UniqueStockGift.com will report any such breach to the relevant law enforcement authorities and disclose your identity to them.
We will not be liable for any loss or damage caused by a distributed denial-of-service attack, viruses or other technologically harmful material that may infect your computer equipment, computer programs, data or other proprietary material due to your use of this Website or to your downloading of any material posted on it, or on any website linked to it.
Intellectual Property, Software and Content
The intellectual property rights in all software and content (including photographic images) made available to you on or through this Website remains the property of UniqueStockGift.com or its licensors and are protected by copyright laws and treaties around the world. All such rights are reserved by UniqueStockGift.com and its licensors. You may store, print and display the content supplied solely for your own personal use. You are not permitted to publish, manipulate, distribute or otherwise reproduce, in any format, any of the content or copies of the content supplied to you or which appears on this Website nor may you use any such content in connection with any business or commercial enterprise.
Terms of Sale
By placing an order, you are offering to purchase a product on and subject to the following terms and conditions. All orders are subject to availability and confirmation of the order price.
Dispatch times may vary according to availability and subject to any delays resulting from postal delays or force majeure for which we will not be responsible.
In order to contract with UniqueStockGift.com you must be over 18 years of age and possess a valid credit or debit card issued by a bank acceptable to us. UniqueStockGift.com] retains the right to refuse any request made by you. If your order is accepted, we will inform you by email and we will confirm the identity of the party which you have contracted with. This will usually be UniqueStockGift.com or may in some cases be a third party. Where a contract is made with a third party UniqueStockGift.com is not acting as either agent or principal and the contract is made between yourself and that third party and will be subject to the terms of sale which they supply you. When placing an order, you undertake that all details you provide to us are true and accurate, that you are an authorized user of the credit or debit card used to place your order and that there are sufficient funds to cover the cost of the goods. The cost of foreign products and services may fluctuate. All prices advertised are subject to such changes.
(a) Our Contract
When you place an order, you will receive an acknowledgement e-mail confirming receipt of your order: this email will only be an acknowledgement and will not constitute acceptance of your order. A contract between us will not be formed until we send you confirmation by e-mail that the goods which you ordered have been dispatched to you. Only those goods listed in the confirmation e-mail sent at the time of dispatch will be included in the contract formed.
UniqueStockGift.com gathers personal information to process your orders, help improve our products and customer service, communicate with you, provide a more personalized shopping experience and to inform you, and your gift recipients, of special offers and discounts directly from us, our affiliated brands and selected third parties.
UniqueStockGift.com collects and stores information from you through our website, emails, mail, and telephone. You provide us with your name, address, phone number, email address, credit card information and other information when you do such things as place an order, enter a contest, sign up for promotional emails, or make use of other aspects of our website. That information is used to communicate with you, process your order, administer contests, provide catalogs or provide other information that you may request, collect payment for products and services you purchase, respond to your questions, and customize your shopping experience.
UniqueStockGift.com takes numerous steps to protect any sensitive data you share with us. UniqueStockGift.com' website employs Secure Socket Layer (SSL) software which means all personal data you send us (name, address, credit card information, etc.) is encrypted during the entire transmission process, protecting your confidential information from interception and hacking as well as SiteLock. If you're uncomfortable entering your payment information online, we encourage you to call our customer care representatives at 1-888-663-7862 and they will assist you with your order.We collect information that is needed to process orders. We collect your information for the delivery process and information that is required by the transfer agent to legally register the recipient’s stock. This includes at times Tax ID’s which are not collected or stored on our web server. All Personal information is solely handled by trained employees to complete the order.
Disclaimer of Liability
The material displayed on this Website is provided without any guarantees, conditions or warranties as to its accuracy. Unless expressly stated to the contrary to the fullest extent permitted by law UniqueStockGift.com and its suppliers, content providers and advertisers hereby expressly exclude all conditions, warranties and other terms which might otherwise be implied by statute, common law or the law of equity and shall not be liable for any damages whatsoever, including but without limitation to any direct, indirect, special, consequential, punitive or incidental damages, or damages for loss of use, profits, data or other intangibles, damage to goodwill or reputation, or the cost of procurement of substitute goods and services, arising out of or related to the use, inability to use, performance or failures of this Website or the Linked Sites and any materials posted thereon, irrespective of whether such damages were foreseeable or arise in contract, tort, equity, restitution, by statute, at common law or otherwise. This does not affect UniqueStockGift.com's liability for death or personal injury arising from its negligence, fraudulent misrepresentation, misrepresentation as to a fundamental matter or any other liability which cannot be excluded or limited under applicable law.
Linking to this Website
You may link to our home page, provided you do so in a way that is fair and legal and does not damage our reputation or take advantage of it, but you must not establish a link in such a way as to suggest any form of association, approval or endorsement on our part where none exists. You must not establish a link from any website that is not owned by you. This Website must not be framed on any other site, nor may you create a link to any part of this Website other than the home page. We reserve the right to withdraw linking permission without notice.
Disclaimer as to ownership of trade marks, images of personalities and third-party copyright
Except where expressly stated to the contrary all persons (including their names and images), third party trademarks and content, services and/or locations featured on this Website are in no way associated, linked or affiliated with UniqueStockGift.com and you should not rely on the existence of such a connection or affiliation. Any trade marks/names featured on this Website are owned by the respective trade mark owners. Where a trade mark or brand name is referred to it is used solely to describe or identify the products and services and is in no way an assertion that such products or services are endorsed by or connected to UniqueStockGift.com
Indemnity
You agree to indemnify, defend and hold harmless UniqueStockGift.com, its directors, officers, employees, consultants, agents, and affiliates, from any and all third-party claims, liability, damages and/or costs (including, but not limited to, legal fees) arising from your use this Website or your breach of the Terms of Service.
Variation
UniqueStockGift.com shall have the right in its absolute discretion at any time and without notice to amend, remove or vary the Services and/or any page of this Website.
Invalidity
If any part of the Terms of Service is unenforceable (including any provision in which we exclude our liability to you) the enforceability of any other part of the Terms of Service will not be affected all other clauses remaining in full force and effect. So far as possible where any clause/sub-clause or part of a clause/sub-clause can be severed to render the remaining part valid, the clause shall be interpreted accordingly. Alternatively, you agree that the clause shall be rectified and interpreted in such a way that closely resembles the original meaning of the clause /sub-clause as is permitted by law.
Complaints
We operate a complaints handling procedure which we will use to try to resolve disputes when they first arise, please let us know if you have any complaints or comments.
Waiver
If you breach these conditions and we take no action, we will still be entitled to use our rights and remedies in any other situation where you breach these conditions.
Entire Agreement
The above Terms of Service constitute the entire agreement of the parties and supersede any and all preceding and contemporaneous agreements between you and UniqueStockGift.com Any waiver of any provision of the Terms of Service will be effective only if in writing and signed by a Director of UniqueStockGift.com.
Shop Categories
ANNIVERSARY
BUDGET
Entertainment
Financial
HER
HIM
Hospitality
KIDS
Restaurant
Retail
Sports
Tech
Shop Brands
1-800 Flowers
3M
Abbott Laboratories
Abercrombie & Fitch
Adobe
Advanced Micro Devices
Alcoa
Allstate
Altria
Amazon
American Airlines
American Express
Apple
Archer-Daniels-Midland Co.
AT&T
Atlanta Braves
Avon
Bank of America
Barnes & Noble
Barrick Gold
Best Buy
Beyond Meat
Black & Decker
Boeing
BP Oil Stock
Brown-Forman Stock
Brunswick
BUD Anheuser-Inbev
Build A Bear Workshop
Callaway Golf Co.
Campbells Soup
Canopy Growth
Carnival Cruise Lines
Casey's General Stores
Caterpillar
Chicos FAS, Inc.
Chili's
Chipotle Mexican Grill, Inc.
Churchill Downs
CIGNA CORP.
Cisco Systems
Citigroup
Clorox CO.
Coach Tapestry Inc.
Coca-Cola
Coca-Cola Bottling Company
Colgate Palmolive
Conoco Phillips
Consolidated Edison
Corning Inc.
Costco
Cracker Barrel
CSX Corporation
Darden Restaurants
Deere & Company
Dennys
Dicks Sporting Goods
Dollar General
Dollar Tree
Dominoes Pizza
DowDupont
Dreamworks Comcast
Dunkin Donuts
Ebay
Eli Lilly
Exxon Mobil
Facebook
Federal Express
Ferrari N.V.
fitbit
Ford
Gamestop
General Electric
General Mills
General Motors
Goldman Sachs
Google Alphabet, Inc.
Halliburton
Harley-Davidson
Hasbro
Hershey
Hess
Hewlett-Packard
Home Depot
Honda Motor
IBM
Intel
International Paper
International Speedway
Jack in the Box
JC PENNEY
Johnson & Johnson
JP Morgan
Kellog
Kimberly Clark
Kodak
Kraft Heinz Company
Krispy Kreme Doughnuts
Las Vegas Sands
La-Z-Boy
Limited Brands
Lockheed Martin
Lowes
Macys
Manchester United Soccer
Marriott International
Martha Stewart
Marvel
Mattel
McDonalds
Media General
Medtronic
MGM Mirage Resorts International
Microsoft
Molson-Coors
Monster Beverage Corp
Motorola
Netflix
New York Times
Nike
Nintendo
Nissan
NORDSTROM
Nucor
Office Depot
Oracle
Pepsi
PetMed Express 1 800 PETMEDS
Pfizer
Philip Morris
Pier 1 Imports
Playboy
Polo Ralph Lauren
Premier Exhibitions (Titanic)
Priceline
Raytheon
RE/MAX Holdings
Red Hat
Revlon
Rio Tinto
Sam Adams
Sirius XM
Six Flags
Smuckers
Snap On Inc.
Snap, Inc. SNAPCHAT
Sony
Southwest Airlines
Sprint Nextel
Starbucks
Sturm Ruger
Symantec
Sysco
Target
Taser Axon
Texas Instruments
Texas Roadhouse
The Gap, Inc.
Tiffany
Tootsie Roll Industries
Twitter
TYCO Johnson Controls
Uber
Under Armour
Union Pacific
United Parcel Service
Walmart
Wells Fargo Bank
Wendys
William Sonoma
Winnebago
World Wrestling Ent.
Xerox
Yahoo Altaba
Yum Brands, Inc.
Zillow
Disney
Berkshire Hathaway
Tesla
Show all brands
Secure Shopping