https://www.pennyplain.com/terms-conditions
Terms & Conditions
These Terms and Conditions apply to all transactions between us and yourself. They do not affect your statutory rights. Please read them carefully. We may change these Terms and Conditions at any time. Any changes will take effect on the date they are posted on our website. These Terms and Conditions are governed by English law and are subject to the non-exclusive jurisdiction of the English courts. We do not accept amendments to these Terms and Conditions. Failure by us to enforce any of these Terms and Conditions will not affect our right to enforce the rest of these terms and conditions.
Customer orders
We will treat each order for goods as an offer by you to purchase the goods subject to these terms and conditions. To order goods on our website, you must be at least 18 years of age and accept delivery within the UK. All orders placed on our website will be acknowledged electronically by e-mail. Please note that electronic acknowledgements do not constitute order confirmation or order acceptance. Your order will be accepted and the creation of a legally binding contract between you and us will take place once the goods have been dispatched or collected. Alternatively, we may decline all or part of your order for any reason, in which case we will inform you in-person or by telephone or e-mail. When deciding whether or not to accept your order we may use certain information about you, including any received from credit reference agency checks. This helps to protect you and us against fraudulent transactions. We will tell you if your payment details cannot be authorised for any reason and may invite you to pay by another method or suggest that you visit one of our nationwide concessions.
Price
The total price payable will be stipulated at the time when you place your order whether or not the order has been acknowledged. We are entitled to make adjustments to the price to take account of any increase in our suppliers’ prices, or the imposition of any taxes or duties, or if due to an error or omission the price published for the goods is wrong whether or not the order has been acknowledged. We will inform you of the correct price and give you the opportunity to cancel the order. All prices are inclusive of VAT but exclusive of delivery charges which will be payable as indicated at the time the order is placed.
Prices, offers and products are subject to availability and may change before (but not after) we accept your order. If a product becomes unavailable we may offer you an alternative or suggest that you visit one of our concessions.
On occasion, the prices payable and promotions offered in respect of goods advertised on the website may differ from those prices and promotions offered at the same time in-store. We are under no obligation to honour any in-store price or promotion in the event that they differ from those on the website. Similarly, our concessions are under no obligation to honour any website price or promotion in the event that they differ from those in-store.
Although we endeavour to ensure that all pricing information on the website is accurate, occasionally an error may occur and goods may be mispriced. If we discover a pricing error we will, at our discretion, either: contact you and ask you whether you wish to cancel your order or continue with the order at the correct price; or notify you that we have cancelled your order. We will not be obliged to supply goods at the incorrect price.
Prices that are reduced for sales and promotions are only valid for the specified period.
Order processing
Your order is sent directly to our secure payment page in our shop for processing. Once we have received your order and payment, our staff will pick, pack and dispatch the item. We will aim to do this the same day for all orders placed before 12pm Monday-Friday (excl Bank Holidays).
Order tracking
You can track the progress of your order at any time by logging into My Account from the Homepage on this website.
Security
We use PayPal who are an industry leading internet payment company, to protect your card details and protect from fraud. They keep your information safe. We will never actually see your bank or credit card details, they are passed in a highly secure way directly to PayPal for processing. Industry-leading fraud prevention is just one of the reasons these internet payment companies are a safe way to pay online. They use proprietary technology and constantly innovate to monitor transactions and maintain a secure payment system.
Availability
All information provided on the products on this website is intended as a guide only. Dimensions and weights are only approximate, as are colours. If you are ordering goods that are out of stock we will dispatch them when they are received from our supplier. On occasion an item may be out of stock, in which case we will advise you when to expect delivery, and send the item(s) out as soon as they are in. Also, there may be a delay in delivery of goods which is outside our control. As such, delivery cannot be guaranteed and any dates we specify for the delivery of the goods are approximate only. We shall not be liable for any losses, costs, damages, charges, or expenses caused by any delay for delivery of the goods.
Website content
The content of this website is the property of Penny Plain. Unauthorised use of the images is prohibited.
Privacy policy
Penny Plain is committed to protecting your privacy. We will only use information given at the time of ordering or when making an enquiry by whatever means is collected lawfully and in accordance with GDPR.
We do not pass your personal information on to third parties. All transactions that you initiate with Penny Plain on this website are confidential. Your name will not be added to any third party mailing lists unless you give permission for us to do so.
The European Union Directive on Privacy and Electronic Communications (the "Directive"), which came into force on 31st July 2002, recognizes that cookies are a "legitimate and useful tool" for many activities, including verifying the identity of web site users. The Directive makes it compulsory for websites to inform users if cookies are being used (which is exactly what we are doing here), and to provide some information on how cookies are used. You can find more information on this subject at www.aboutcookies.org .
Lastly, the Directive places an obligation on websites to make users aware that they can set their computers to reject cookies. You will find the instructions on how to do this at www.aboutcookies.org . However, you should be aware that the Penny Plain website (in common with most other shopping web sites) will not work without cookies.
General data protection regulation(GDPR)
Under the terms of GDPR , we have a duty to protect any information we collect from you. It will not be disclosed to any other organisation unless you give explicit permission, or there is a legal obligation to do so. We collect information about you for two main reasons:
1) To process your online order and to provide you with the most efficient possible service.
2) The information collected will be used to personally keep in touch and let you know of any offers, sales or promotions that Penny Plain or their partner brands are carrying out (if you have selected to receive these emails/newsletters).
Right to request information
You have a right to request a copy of any personal data held by Penny Plain at any time, in order to check its accuracy. If you wish to do this, please write (explaining that your interest is in personal data maintained by Penny Plain) to:
Customer Services Penny Plain 622 Western Avenue London UK  W3 0TF
Changes to this policy
This privacy policy will change from time to time as we develop the range of services on the website. When this privacy policy changes, we will place an updated version on this page. Regularly reviewing this page ensures that you are always aware of what information we collect, how we use it and under what circumstances, if any, we will share it with other parties. You should always check the privacy policy before using this site, even if you have visited it in the past. This ensures that you will be aware of any changes. Changes to our privacy policy do not affect information we already hold about you. This statement was last updated on 5th March 2019.
Law
These Terms and Conditions of Sale shall be governed by the laws of England and you agree to submit to the non-exclusive jurisdiction of the English courts. We are required by law to inform you that sales can be concluded in English only and that no public filing requirements apply.
Penny Plain is a trading name of TIGI-WEAR LTD, 622 Western Avenue, London W3 0TF Registered in England No: 1493479 VAT number: 404414103 All correspondence must be in English Our opening hours are Monday to Friday 09:00 AM to 05:30 PM
COOKIES
We use cookies to make your experience better. To comply with the new e-Privacy directive, we need to ask for your consent to set the cookies.
Read more
Allow Cookies
Privacy Policy
As with all shopping websites, we collect personal information from you when you shop online at www.pennyplain.com. We use this information to make your shopping experience as easy and enjoyable as possible.
The information we collect is:
Your name – so we know what to call you.
Email address – so we can email your order confirmations, delivery delays, offers etc.
Delivery address – an obvious one.
Telephone number – we’ll only call if we have a delivery problem or to talk to you about your order.
Credit card details – we only ask for these when you place an order, and the data is fully encrypted and never seen by us.
Mobile number – so we can call you with details about your orders or where we have a question.
We use the latest secure server technology to ensure this information is protected to the highest standards.
We use encryption to safeguard your credit card information and only accept orders from web browsers that permit communication through Secure Socket Layer (SSL) technology - this means you cannot inadvertently place an order through an unsecured connection. Most web browsers above version three support this security.
This encryption makes it virtually impossible for unauthorised parties to read any information that you send us.
The encryption technique we use is the highest standard available for e-commerce and certified by AlphaSSL.
Deleting your account
You can have your data removed at any time by signing in to your account and selecting ‘Delete Account’ from the left-hand menu. You can unsubscribe from the Newsletter by clicking the ‘Unsubscribe’ button at the bottom of the emails we send. Please allow 10 days for your request to be updated across all our systems.
Data protection
Penny Plain is a controller under the EU's General Data Protection Regulation (GDPR). We will never pass on your details to third parties for marketing purposes.
There are only two circumstances where we may share some of your data with others:
With agents (including credit reference agencies, credit card clearing agencies (Barclays Merchant Services in UK and Payment Tech in USA), fraud prevention and detection agencies, delivery companies and data processing analysts) that we use to process the orders you place with us or who assist us in the service we provide to you. In these instances, we provide them with only the information they need to perform their function.
In the unlikely event that our business assets are ever sold to or purchased by another company (our data records are part of our business).
If you have questions about your personal data or our privacy policy, please contact us at web@pennyplain.com
To see all the information we have about you, and to correct any inaccuracies, please write to:
Customer Services Penny Plain 622 Western Avenue London UK  W3 0TF
Marketing permissions
When you sign up to our Newsletter, Penny Plain will send you information on our latest ranges, special offers and promotions by email. If you do not wish to receive any further email messages from us, (and we quite understand if you don't, but remember that if you unsubscribe we will not be able to send you sale details before anyone else) please click unsubscribe at the bottom of our latest Newsletter, or you can contact us at web@pennyplain.com and request to be unsubscribed.
Cookies
Cookies are small text files that websites send to your computer. A cookie can be thought of as an internet user's identification card. They let the website know when the user has returned. This lets the site bring up information relevant to that user, for example your name, past orders etc. Cookies make the interaction between users and websites faster and easier. Without cookies, it would be very difficult for a website to allow a visitor to fill up a shopping bag or to remember the user's preferences or registration details for a future visit. The Penny Plain  website uses cookies to allow customers to move from one part of the website to another and to add items to the shopping bag without having to login repeatedly. Cookies are not computer programs and can't read other information saved on your hard drive. They cannot be used to disseminate viruses, or get a user's email address etc. They only contain and transfer to the website as much information as the users themselves have disclosed to that website. It is possible to opt out of cookies via your browser’s cookie settings, but if you do this you will not be able to shop from the Penny Plain website as the functions of the website are dependent on cookies. Please note that cookies are computer specific, so if you log on to any site from a different computer, the cookie settings on that computer will apply.
For further information about managing and disabling cookies on your computer see www.allaboutcookies.org/manage-cookies. When you visit our site, cookies are either served directly by us, or by our business partners. Here is a description of the different kind of cookies we use:
Essential cookies:
These cookies allow you to use the basic functionality of our website. For example, browsing our products, ordering and paying for items, checking your account information and viewing your order history.
Performance cookies:
They allow us to get to know how you use our website. They are used to analyse visitor information such as usage, visitor numbers and help us see how effective our advertising is and to understand what you like. We also use this information to help improve our website, make our marketing more relevant and improve the user experience.
Functionality cookies:
They allow us to provide additional functionalities to the website and will retain some settings information. Whilst not essential for the functionality of our site, they do enable extra features that should improve your shopping experience.
Targeting cookies:
We also use cookies to track visitors' interest in our products. We may use this to understand what most appeals to our customers, so we can make our offers as appropriate as possible.
List of cookies
COOKIE name
COOKIE description
BAG
The association with your shopping bag.
CATEGORY_INFO
Stores the category info on the page, that allows to display pages more quickly.
COMPARE
The items that you have in the Compare Products list.
CURRENCY
Your preferred currency.
CUSTOMER
An encrypted version of your customer id with the store.
CUSTOMER_AUTH
An indicator if you are currently logged into the store.
CUSTOMER_INFO
An encrypted version of the customer group you belong to.
CUSTOMER_SEGMENT_IDS
Stores the Customer Segment ID.
EXTERNAL_NO_CACHE
A flag, which indicates whether caching is disabled or not.
FRONTEND
Your session ID on the server.
GUEST-VIEW
Allows guests to edit their orders.
LAST_CATEGORY
The last category you visited.
LAST_PRODUCT
The most recent product you have viewed.
NEWMESSAGE
Indicates whether a new message has been received.
NO_CACHE
Indicates whether it is allowed to use cache.
PERSISTENT_SHOPPING_BAG
A link to information about your bag and viewing history if you have asked the site.
POLL
The ID of any polls you have recently voted in.
POLLN
Information on what polls you have voted on.
RECENTLYCOMPARED
The items that you have recently compared.
STF
Information on products you have emailed to friends.
STORE
The store view or language you have selected.
USER_ALLOWED_SAVE_COOKIE
Indicates whether a customer allowed to use cookies.
VIEWED_PRODUCT_IDS
The products that you have recently viewed.
WISHLIST
An encrypted list of products added to your Wishlist.
WISHLIST_CNT
The number of items in your Wishlist.
Be the first to know about our latest trendsand exclusive offers
RECEIVE 20% OFF*
your first order at pennyplain.comwhen you sign up below
Subscribe Now
Don't show this popup again