http://www.cdrods.co.nz/privacy-policy
Privacy Policy
What information do we collect?
Composite Developments collects information from you when you fill out a form. When
ordering or registering on our site, as appropriate, you may be asked to enter your:
name or e-mail address. You may, however, visit our site anonymously.
What do we use your information for?
Any of the information we collect from you may be used in one of the following ways:
To improve customer service (your information helps us to more effectively respond
to your customer service requests and support needs)
How do we protect your information?
Composite Developments implements a variety of security measures to maintain the safety
of your personal information when you enter, submit, or access your personal information.
Do we use cookies?
Composite Developments uses cookies in order to help provide a customized user experience.
Do we disclose any information to outside parties?
Composite Developments does not sell, trade, or otherwise transfer to outside parties
your personally identifiable information. However this does not include trusted
third parties who assist us in operating our website, conducting our business, or
servicing you, so long as those parties agree to keep this information confidential.
We may also release your information when we believe release is appropriate to comply
with the law, enforce our site policies, or protect Sprint Fit or others
rights, property, or safety. However, non-personally identifiable visitor information
may be provided to other parties for marketing, advertising, or other uses.
Online Privacy Policy Only
This online privacy policy applies only to information collected through the Composite Developments
website and not to information collected offline.
Your Consent
By using our site, you consent to our
conditions of use.
Changes to our Privacy Policy
If we decide to change our privacy policy, we will post those changes on this page.
Contacting Us
If there are any questions regarding this privacy policy you may contact us using
the information below.
www.cdrods.co.nz
29 Canaveral Drive,
Rosedale,
Auckland 0632,
New Zealand,
sales@cdrods.co.nz
(+64) 9 415 9915
Enter Here
Things I'm interested in:
Hunting
Fishing
Other
SUBMIT
Sign up successful!
×
Sign in to Account
Email
Password
Forgotten password?
Sign In