https://www.macupgrades.co.uk/store/privacy.php
01223 833 412
Cart: Empty
About Us
About Us
About Us
Contact Us
MacUpgrades Blog
How To Order
MacUpgrades & You
Sell My Mac
Positive Feedback
Terms & Conditions
Privacy Notice
Newsletter Sign Up
Cambridge Mac Repair
Our Location
Contact Us
FAQs & Guides
FAQs & Guides
Help Me Find My Mac
Diagnose a Mac Fault
Common Mac Faults & Repairs
New Drive Setup & Time Machine (2011 & Later Macs)
New Drive Setup & Time Machine (2010 & Earlier Macs)
Drive Cloning Guide
MacBook Pro/MacBook Air Battery Replacements
MacBook Pro/MacBook Air Keyboard Replacements
MacBook Pro/MacBook Air Trackpad Replacements
SATA Optical Drive in 2006-8 Mac Pro
Product Categories
Product Categories
RAMOptical DrivesInternal Hard Drives and SSDsExternal Hard DrivesGraphics and DisplaysExpansion CardsKeyboards & MicePower Supplies & BatteriesCables & ToolsNetworkingClearance Items and PartsRepair ServicesRefurbished Macs
Repairs & Installs
Repairs & Installs
Installation & Repair Services
MacUpgrades.co.uk offers a wide range of fixed price upgrades and repairs for your Apple computers. You can drop in to our offices in Sawston, Cambridge or if you are not local you can either have us collect or send in your computer yourself. Sameday fitting is available for most items, contact us for details. We also offer on site installation services and training on your premises.
More info on our repairs and installation services.
At Our location
MacUpgrades
Second Chance PC Limited
Unit 5, South Cambridgeshire Business Park
Babraham Road
Sawston
Cambridge
CB22 3JH
View MacUpgrades / Second Chance PC Ltd in Google Maps
At Your location
Macupgrades offers a wide range of on-site services for your Apple equipment. We offer all of our upgrade services, and most of our repair services too.
All our engineers have at least 15 years of experience with Apple hardware and software
Fixed price on-site upgrades and repairs
Full liability insurance
Full details of on-site services
Logic Board Repair
Data Recovery
Shipping
Shipping
Delivery Options
Royal Mail
Royal Mail 1st Class Recorded
UK addresses for £2.37 + Vat
Normally 1 - 3 working days
Proof of delivery with signature
DPD Local Couriers
Guaranteed 1 - 2 working day delivery, with 1hr predict for £5 + Vat
Collection Service with 1hr predict £24.68 + Vat
Follow your delivery online with driver tracking
Change delivery preferences via text or email
My AccountMy Account
Log In
My Account
My Macs
Order History
Address Book
Newsletter
Create Account
Choose Upgrades by Serial Number
Choose Upgrades by Serial Number
Serial Number Search
Enter your serial number into the box below for specific upgrades for your machine. Each upgrade has been tested in the machine we list it for. Compatability is 100% guaranteed or your money back.
Serial Number:
How to find your serial number in software
You can find your Mac's serial number in Apple System Profiler: Select the Apple Menu > About This Mac, then (depending on the version of OSX you are running) click the System Report button or the More Info button. This brings up System Profiler, and on the Hardware Overview that is displayed by default you should see your serial number, and be able to copy/paste it. The procedure does vary slightly between different versions of OSX.
If you can't boot your Mac
If your Mac is not working, the serial number is printed
on the computer casing but the location varies. Here are the main locations of serial numbers on Apple computers.
Unibody MacBook Pro - Laser etched onto the base.
MacBook, Early MacBook Pro, PowerBook G4 - Inside the main battery bay. Remove battery to locate.
iBook (White) - Under the keyboard. To lift keyboard, pull back on the release tabs between the F-keys.
Intel iMac, iMac G5 - Underside of the foot/stand.
iMac G4, iMac G3 - Underside of the iMac.
Mac mini - On the underside of the Mac mini.
Mac Pro 2006-2012 - On rear of machine near graphics card ports.
PowerMac G5 - On lower chassis under side panel. To remove side panel, lift lever on rear of Mac.
PowerMac G3, PowerMac G4 - Label on the back of the Mac.
More detailed information on finding your serial number is available here on the Apple website.
Choose Upgrades by Model Identifier
Choose Upgrades by Model Identifier
Find your Mac by its Model Identifier
Select the alphabetic part of the Model Identifier -> --Choose Model--iMaciMacProMacBookMacBookAirMacBookProMacminiMacProPowerBookPowerMacSelect the full Model Identifier -> Select your exact Mac ->
Your Mac's Model Identifier can be found in System Profiler.
You can use the drop-down menus above to be taken to a page that displays upgrades specifically for your exact model.
This tool is also available on its own page, with a list of all Model IDs here.
We are closed for Christmas from Thu 24th Dec, and reopen on Mon 4th Jan.
Last order date for delivery before Christmas (Mainland UK): Courier: 2pm Tue 22nd Dec, Post:
2pm Fri 18th Dec.COVID Update: Online orders and mail-in repairs/upgrades are happening as normal.
Collection and drop-off are operating by appointment - please call us on 01223 833 412 to book a slot.
SECOND CHANCE PC LTD DATA PRIVACY POLICY
This policy covers all users of the following websites which are wholly owned by Second Chance PC LTD.
www.macupgrades.co.uk
www.appcentre.co.uk
www.2ndchancepc.co.uk
It is not necessary to register in order to gain access to the searching facilities of the site. Access to our websites is free of charge to all users. These websites are operated by Second Chance PC LTD. We are committed to protecting your privacy when you are using our online services.
COLLECTION AND USE OF YOUR DATA
The personal information we collect:
During our registration process, we ask you for personal information specifically your name, e-mail address, billing address, delivery address, contact numbers, payment information, company name, country and a password, which identifies you and enables us to communicate with you and send you products.
The Macupgrades website serial number lookup tool will store your entered serial number and IP address for the purpose of identifying your specific Mac and producing compatible upgrade options for it.
We may for all orders (telephone and online) store information pertinent to your order, such as operating system version or amount of RAM which may assist you and us in relation to technical support of products or services rendered.
We and our third party analytics parties (Google)
may also collect other information about you when you visit our website, such as, your IP address, details of the country and telephone area code where your computer is located, your browser type, where on the internet you came from, pages you visited on our website and adverts that you clicked on, including any search terms you entered.
If you are purchasing an update to an existing software license we will have to share your existing serial number with the manufacturer of that software in order to amend the license. We will store this information in order to process the order.
We will use your personal information for the following purposes:
To send updates regarding the status of your orders.
To process your order.
To improve the content, design and layout of the website(s).
To understand the interests and buying behaviour of our registered users.
We monitor and record our communications with you, including e-mails and online chat conversations. Information collected may then be used for training purposes, quality assurance, to record details about the products/services in which you're interested, and in order to meet our legal and regulatory obligations generally.
Marketing:
If you consent, we will send you newsletters and details of offers and promotions in which we believe you will be interested.
We may remarket your information. Remarketing is a way for us to connect with users, based upon your past interactions with our website. Third-party marketing vendors may be hired by us to perform remarketing services. As a result, third-party vendors, including Google, may show our ads on sites on the internet. Third-party vendors, including Google, use cookies to serve ads based on a user's prior visits to this website. To opt out of customized Google Display Network ads click here. To find out more about how Google uses any data it collects please visit http://www.google.com/privacy_ads.html. Any information collected is used only for remarketing purposes and will not be used by them for any other purpose.
Disclosure and sharing data:
In order to physically deliver your order to you we will need to share some data with our selected delivery agents. This includes your name, address, email and phone number. The companies we use for delivery are: DPD Local (privacy policy) and Royal Mail (privacy policy)
We use Paypal (privacy policy) for payment processing, your details will be passed to Paypal to process payment. We do not store payment details entered on the website.
We will NOT transfer your personal information to places outside the European Economic Area and store it there.
If our online chat service is used (Zendesk - privacy policy) and information you enter into the chat window (name, email, phone, chat contents) are stored by Zendesk. Entry of these details is not necessary for function.
If law enforcement agencies ask us in the proper way, we may give them information about you. We do that so they can prevent and detect crime, and prosecute offenders. We may also provide information to protect national security. In all cases, we do this in accordance with the law.
We also provide information when the law says we have to such as in response to a court order or other lawful demand.
If you are purchasing an update to an existing software license we will have to share your existing serial number with the manufacturer of that software in order to amend the license.
In rare occurrences, in order to speed up your order processing we may use our selected distribution partners to send your order directly to you (Direct Shipping). The information shared with these partners would be the minimum required to deliver a parcel to you (Name, Address, Phone number and email address).
CCTV
We use CCTV recording on our premises in Sawston for security and to comply with 	insurance terms. CCTV is used for maintaining the security of property and premises and for 	preventing and investigating crime, it may also be used to monitor staff when carrying out 	work duties. For these reasons the information processed may include visual images, 	personal appearance and behaviours. This information may be about staff, customers and 	clients, offenders and suspected offenders, members of the public and those inside, entering 	or in the immediate vicinity of the area under surveillance. Where necessary or required this 	information is shared with the data subjects themselves, employees and agents, services 	providers, police forces, security organisations and persons making an enquiry.
YOUR RIGHTS
Once you have registered with us, you can review your personal information at any time to ensure it is correct and current on the "your account" section of the website. You will be able to update, correct, change or delete inaccurate details. You may also change your newsletter preferences here. Please note however that if you opt out of receiving newsletters you may continue to receive mailings for a short period while your change is being processed.
You have the right to ask us what personal data we hold about you, and we can supply this information on payment of a small fee. Please contact our customer service team for full details on how to make such a request at info@macupgrades.co.uk
SECURITY
We take appropriate technical and organisation security measures to protect your personal information and ensure that it is processed fairly and lawfully. Second Chance PC LTD
uses industry standard practices to safeguard the confidentiality of your personal information.
COOKIES
Our website creates multiple cookies on your machine which contain session and state information. The information within these cookies does not include any personal or financial information. Our website requires cookies to be enabled in the web browser and in any third party security programs to allow tasks such as registering, logging in, buying items or accessing accounts. Please be aware that should cookies be disabled or blocked by third party software, many of our website's features will be impaired or unavailable.
Other companies which advertise or offer their products or services on our website may also allocate cookies to your PC. The types of cookies they use and how they use the information generated by them will be governed by their own privacy policies and not ours.
By using the website(s) you agree to Second Chance PC LTD using cookies that are "strictly necessary".
RETENTION OF YOUR PERSONAL DATA
We retain your personal information for a period of 6 years from the date of your last interaction with us (this could be a sales transaction, a return, or some other interaction with us via our Customer Services team or our online tools. This is because we may need to access historical information for business reporting purposes.
OTHER MATTERS
Children
Our website(s) is not intended for children and we ask that no-one under the age of 16 submits personal information to us or uses the site without supervision of a parent or guardian.
Changes to this Policy
If we decide to change this privacy policy, we would post such changes on this page so that you are always aware of what information we collect, how we use it and under what circumstances we disclose it.
Scope of this Policy
This privacy policy only covers all users of the our websites at http://www.macupgrades.co.uk , http://www.appcentre.co.uk , http:///www.2ndchancepc.co.uk or for visitations to our Cambridge premises. Other links within these sites to other websites are not covered by this policy.
Contact Details
If you have any questions about this privacy policy, or the use of your personal information, or if you wish to request us to stop using your information in any way, please write to:
Data Protection Officer
Second Chance PC Limited
Unit 5, South Cambridgeshire Business Park
Babraham Road
Sawston
Cambridge
CB22 3JH
INFORMATION
About Us
Contact Us
How To Order
Shipping Information
Privacy Notice
Terms & Conditions
MY ACCOUNT
Log In
My Account
My Macs
Order History
Address Book
Create Account
OUR SERVICES
Upgrades by Serial Number
Mac Repairs
On-Site Repairs & Upgrades
Repair Evaluation Service
Same Day Fitting
STAY CONNECTED
Twitter
Facebook
MacUpgrades Blog
Feedback
Trustpilot
Trustpilot
CONTACT US
MacUpgrades.co.uk, Unit 5, South Cambridgeshire Business Park, Babraham Road, Sawston, Cambridge, CB22 3JH
01223 833 412
info@macupgrades.co.uk
Live Chat
© Copyright 2005 - 2020 www.macupgrades.co.uk
--
Mac Upgrades is trading division of Second
Chance PC Limited, independent Macintosh specialists since 2001.
All offers
Exclude Errors and Omissions.
Company number 4331031. Registered for VAT GB 783705210.
Website powered by osCommerce