http://www.howieshockeytape.com/pages/privacy-policy
Skip to content
Home
/
Privacy Policy
Privacy Policy
Howies Hockey Tape takes your privacy information seriously. The checkout process includes collection of name, email, billing, and shipping addresses, telephone number, product selection, and payment method information. Credit card numbers are not stored in our system. In no way do we provide, rent, or make available any customer information to any party outside of Howies Hockey Tape. This Privacy Policy explains how Howies may use and disclose such information.  By using Howies, you agree to the collection and use of your personal information as described in this Privacy Policy. If you do not, please do not use the services.
INFORMATION COLLECTION
When you purchase something from our store, as part of the buying and selling process, we collect the personal information you give us.  This may include when you use our services, request information, or otherwise contact us.  The information we collect from you may include, but may not be limited to:
Contact information, including your name, address, email address, telephone, or mobile number
Employer related information, such as your title and company’s name, address, and phone number
Geolocation of any computer, mobile device, or other electronic device used to access the site
INFORMATION AUTOMATICALLY COLLECTED
Howies may use cookies, web beacons, pixel tags, JavaScript, Shopify tech and apps, or other technologies to collect certain information about visitors to our site and interactions with our site. For example, we may automatically collect certain information from you, including but not limited to browser type, device type, operating system, Internet Protocol (IP) address, gelocation, phone model, phone operating system, and the domain name from which you accessed our services.  We also may collect information about your use of the site, including the date/time you visit, the areas or pages of the site you visit, the products added to your cart, and any contact info entered while using the site. Howies reserves the right to use this information for marketing campaigns regarding our store, new products, and other updates.
Tracking Options and California Do Not Track Disclosures
Certain parts of our site require cookies. You are free to set your browser or operating system settings to limit certain tracking or to decline cookies, but by doing so, you may not be able to use certain features on the site, or take full advantage of all our offerings. Refer to your Web browser’s operating system’s website or “Help” section for more information on how to delete and/or disable your browser or operating system from receiving cookies or controlling your tracking preferences.  Our system may not respond to Do Not Track requests or headers from some or all browsers. On your mobile device, you may also adjust your privacy and advertising settings to control whether you want to receive more relevant advertising.
Combination of Information
We may combine the information we receive from and about you, including information you provide to us and information we automatically collect through our site, as well as information collected from other online sources or from third party sources to help us tailor our communications to you and improve our services.
Information Use
Howies may use the information we collect from and about you for any of the following:
To develop new products and services
To review the usage/operations of our site, improve content, products, and services
To recognize your online activities over time and across different websites and devices
To contact you with information, emails, and other marketing campaigns from Howies Hockey Tape
To contact you when necessary
To use your data in an aggregated, non-specific format for analytical and demographic purposes
To address problems with our services or our business
To protect the security of the site and our business by protecting and preventing against fraud, unauthorized transactions, claims, and other liabilities
If after using our services you may withdraw your consent for us to contact you, for the continued collection, use or disclosure of your information, at any time, by contacting us at howie@howieshockeytape.com or mailing us at:
Howies Hockey Tape 3445 36th St SE Kentwood, Michigan US 49512
Disclosure
We may disclose your personal information if we are required by law to do so or if you violate our Terms of Service.
Shopify
Our store is hosted on Shopify Inc. They provide us with the online e-commerce platform that allows us to sell our products and services to you. Your data is stored through Shopify’s data storage, databases and the general Shopify application. They store your data on a secure server behind a firewall.
Payment:
If you choose a direct payment gateway to complete your purchase, then Shopify stores your credit card data. It is encrypted through the Payment Card Industry Data Security Standard (PCI-DSS). Your purchase transaction data is stored only as long as is necessary to complete your purchase transaction. After that is complete, your purchase transaction information is deleted. All direct payment gateways adhere to the standards set by PCI-DSS as managed by the PCI Security Standards Council, which is a joint effort of brands like Visa, Mastercard, American Express and Discover. PCI-DSS requirements help ensure the secure handling of credit card information by our store and its service providers. For more insight, you may also want to read Shopify’s Terms of Service (https://www.shopify.com/legal/terms) or Privacy Statement (https://www.shopify.com/legal/privacy).
Third-party Services
In general, the third-party providers used by us will only collect, use and disclose your information to the extent necessary to allow them to perform the services they provide to us. However, certain third-party service providers, such as payment gateways and other payment transaction processors, have their own privacy policies in respect to the information we are required to provide to them for your purchase-related transactions. For these providers, we recommend that you read their privacy policies so you can understand the manner in which your personal information will be handled by these providers. In particular, remember that certain providers may be located in or have facilities that are located a different jurisdiction than either you or us. So if you elect to proceed with a transaction that involves the services of a third-party service provider, then your information may become subject to the laws of the jurisdiction(s) in which that service provider or its facilities are located. As an example, if you are located in Canada and your transaction is processed by a payment gateway located in the United States, then your personal information used in completing that transaction may be subject to disclosure under United States legislation, including the Patriot Act. Once you leave our store’s website or are redirected to a third-party website or application, you are no longer governed by this Privacy Policy or our website’s Terms of Service.
Links
When you click on links on our store, they may direct you away from our site. We are not responsible for the privacy practices of other sites and encourage you to read their privacy statements. Google analytics: Our store uses Google Analytics to help us learn about store visits and the pages being viewed.
Security
To protect your personal information, we take reasonable precautions and follow industry best practices to make sure it is not inappropriately lost, misused, accessed, disclosed, altered or destroyed. If you provide us with your credit card information, the information is encrypted using secure socket layer technology (SSL) and stored with a AES-256 encryption. Although no method of transmission over the Internet or electronic storage is 100% secure, we follow all PCI-DSS requirements and implement additional generally accepted industry standards.
Age of Consent
By using this site, you represent that you are at least the age of majority in your state or province of residence, or that you are the age of majority in your state or province of residence and you have given us your consent to allow any of your minor dependents to use this site.
Changes to Privacy Policy
We reserve the right to modify this privacy policy at any time, so please review it frequently. Changes and clarifications will take effect immediately upon their posting on the website. If we make material changes to this policy, we will notify you here that it has been updated (updated as of 03/13/2018), so that you are aware of what information we collect, how we use it, and under what circumstances, if any, we use and/or disclose it. If our store is acquired or merged with another company, your information may be transferred to the new owners so that we may continue to sell products to you.
QUESTIONS AND CONTACT INFORMATION
If you would like to: access, correct, amend or delete any personal information we have about you, register a complaint, or simply want more information contact our Privacy Compliance Officer at howie@howieshockeytape.com or by mail at Howies Hockey Tape [Re: Privacy Compliance Officer] 3445 36th St SE Kentwood Michigan US 49512
User’s Acceptance of this Privacy Policy
By using the services, you signify your acceptance to the terms of this Privacy Policy.  If you do not agree with the terms of this Privacy Policy, please do not use our services.
Added To Your Bag
View Bag (0)
Checkout