https://www.ididj.com.au/terms-conditions-privacy/
Introduction
All users of www.ididj.com.au agree to be bound by the following Terms and Conditions.
Cookies Policy
Some iDIDJ Australia webpages use cookies which are little bits of data placed on your computer or device for the purpose of our data management systems as well as to provide a richer internet experience for you. A cookie helps us to remember who you are. Cookies can make your current and subsequent visits to our website a fuller, more seamless experience.
You can set your browser to notify you when you are about to receive a cookie, giving you the chance to decide whether or not to accept it.
However, by not accepting a cookie, some webpages may not display properly or you may not be permitted to access certain information or continue or finalise your online shopping cart order.
Cookies are important for our website and are used to provide the best possible online experience for you.
Intellectual Property & Copyright
All content and material used on this website including any images, text, site design, logos, and graphics as well as the design and layout, are the property of iDIDJ Australia and we take responsibility for their safekeeping.
If you wish to use any of the material appearing on the www.ididj.com.au website other than non-commercial private home study purposes, please let us know us know about it through our contact form, we look forward to hearing from you! Of course, you may link to our website without permission at any time, or share through your network of friends and contacts on social media.
iDIDJ Australia Privacy Policy
iDIDJ Australia takes reasonable steps in protecting and maintaining the privacy, integrity and security of your personal information and complies with the Privacy Act 1988.
Collection and use of personal information
iDIDJ Australia will only use your personal information for the purpose for which you give it to us and for internal management purposes only. These purposes may include:
Website and systems administration, including monitoring to prevent security breaches
Customisation of website to end-user needs
Offers to opt-in to our newsletters
Protection of your privacy and security in using our website
We do not disclose your personal information to third parties without your consent unless required by law or if iDIDJ Australia evaluates your use of the www.ididj.com.au website as threatening, harmful or reduces the safety and/or well-being of any persons.
Security
iDIDJ Australia takes reasonable steps to secure your personal information on its website.
Contact
By sending in information such as stories, recipes, comments and information, you grant us the right to publish and promote this material through but not restricted to our website, YouTube page and/or Facebook page. We will always credit the author where possible unless there is a specific request not to.
Disclaimer
iDIDJ Australia takes reasonable steps to ensure that the information, including data, on this site is accurate. iDIDJ Australia does not make any representations or give any warranties about its accuracy, reliability, completeness or suitability for any particular purpose. iDIDJ Australia accepts no responsibility for any expenses, losses, damages (including indirect or consequential damages) and costs which might be incurred as a result of the information including data being inaccurate or incomplete in any way and for any reason.
DanTerms & Privacy09.03.2014
Search
Video
iDIDJ Facebook Unable to display Facebook posts.Show errorError: Error validating application. Application has been deleted.Type: OAuthExceptionCode: 190Please refer to our Error Message Reference.
Recent Posts
Is Australia didgeridooing its way to ever more species extinctions?
Expressions Of Interest May 2019 | Rripangu Yidaki Masterclass with Djalu Gurruwiwi
Expressions Of Interest 2018 | Rripangu Yidaki Masterclass with Djalu Gurruwiwi
Rripangu Yidaki Masterclass with Djalu Gurruwiwi, January 2018
Newsletter
Email address: