http://www.nyko.com/pages/privacy-policy
Sign Up
/
Log In
Cart: 0 Items
News
About
Products
VRPlayStation 4PlayStation 5Xbox OneXbox Series XSwitchSwitch LiteNES/SNES Classic EditionUniversalClearance
Contact Us
News
About
Products
VRPlayStation 4PlayStation 5Xbox OneXbox Series XSwitchSwitch LiteNES/SNES Classic EditionUniversalClearance
Contact Us
Privacy Policy
Privacy and Online Data Collection Notice
Effective January 3rd, 2018
Our Commitment to Privacy.  Your privacy is important to us. To better protect your privacy we provide this notice explaining our online information practices and the choices you can make about the way your information is collected and used. To make this notice easy to find, we make it available on our homepage and at every point where personally identifiable information may be requested.
2. The Information We Collect.  This notice applies to all information collected or submitted on the Nyko web site. On some pages, make requests, and register to receive materials. The types of personal information collected at these pages are:
Name  Address  Zip code  E-mail address
On some pages, you can submit information about other people. For example, if you want to forward information about Nyko products to another person, you will need to submit the recipient's address. In this circumstance, the types of personal information collected are:
Name  E-mail address
Technical information we collect We collect certain technical information to insure that our site is working properly. For example, when you are browsing, we use your IP address to help diagnose problems with our servers and to help administer our Web site.
Your IP address is also used at times to help identify you as you browse and to assist Nyko in gathering broad technical and demographic information on who uses our site. We may provide third parties with statistics about our users, traffic patterns and related site information. This data is collected from millions of user visits to our site each month and does not contain any personally identifiable information.
Cookies are used to help make your use of our site more enjoyable. Nyko creates these cookie files on your hard drive through your browser and uses them to save information so you can avoid re-entry of certain information each time you visit our site. Cookies also help us to deliver content specific to your interests. You may decline our cookies if your web browser software permits, although this may prevent you from accessing certain features on our site.
Nyko uses cookies to reference the technical information described above but does not use cookies to retrieve personal information about you from your computer.
3. The Way We Use Information.  We use the information you provide about yourself to better understand our customers and their interests.
We use the information you provide about someone else only to forward product information to that person. We do not share this information with outside parties except to the extent necessary to forward the information.
We use return email addresses to answer the email we receive. Such addresses are not used for any other purpose and are not shared with outside parties.
You can register with our web site if you would like to receive our catalog as well as updates on our new products and services. Information you submit on our web site will not be used for this purpose unless you fill out the registration form.
We use non-identifying and aggregate information to better design our web site and to share with advertisers. For example, we may tell an advertiser that X number of individuals visited a certain area on our web site, or that Y number of men and Z number of women filled out our registration form, but we would not disclose anything that could be used to identify those individuals.
Analytics providers are third-party companies that collect information when you use some of our services. These companies use cookies, web beacons, software development kits (SDKs), and similar technologies to collect and analyze crash reports, keep track of what content or ads you view, how long you spend on different pages, how you arrived on a particular page and how you respond to the ads we show you. Analytics providers may combine the information they collect from our services with other information they collect from other sites and services.  The practices of these third-party analytics providers are governed by their own privacy policies. The analytics providers with whom we work include, but are not limited to, the companies listed below. Some of these companies, including those listed on the page linked below, may give users choices about how they collect and use your information.
https://nyko.com/pages/analytics-providers
We also may permit our third-party partners to set cookies and use web beacons, SDKs, and similar technologies within our services to help us perform various internal functions necessary to operate our business and to collect information about your use of our and others’ services across your devices. These third parties may use that information to provide you advertisements, across the Internet and mobile applications and devices, about goods and services that may be of interest to you. Some of these third parties may offer you a way to opt-out of this type of targeted advertising through industry choice mechanisms. To learn more about third parties that participate in these choice offerings and to exercise choices that may be available to you, you can visit www.networkadvertising.org and www.aboutads.info. You may be able to opt out from targeted advertising through the advertising settings for your mobile device.
Our Commitment to Data Security. To prevent unauthorized access, maintain data accuracy, and ensure the correct use of information, we have put in place appropriate physical, electronic, and managerial procedures to safeguard and secure the information we collect online.
5. Our Commitment to Children's Privacy. Protecting the privacy of the very young is especially important. For that reason, we never collect or maintain information at our web site from those we actually know are under 13, and no part of our web site is structured to attract anyone under 13.
6. Changes to this Privacy Statement  We may modify this Privacy Policy at any time by posting a prominent notice of the material changes on our site's homepage. The material changes shall automatically be effective on the date they are posted on our site.
7. How to Contact Us.  Should you have other questions or concerns about these privacy policies, please call us at [310-446-6602] or send us an e-mail at [customerservice@nyko.com]. If you want to opt-out of receiving any communications from us, or to ask us not to share any information with other parties, you may do so by sending an email to info@nyko.com, but please note that it may take up to 30 days for this change to become effective.