https://www.soy.com/privacy-security-email/
Home
Shop
Menopause 101
Support for Menopause
Menopause Hot Flash and Night Sweat Support with Soy?
What Causes Menopause?
What Can I Expect?
Other Health Benefits
Here’s What Others Are Saying
Revival Difference – Benefits
The Revival Difference
Our Patented Technology & Our Research
Our Concentration Process: Less Soy Intake, More Benefit.
How Our Concentration Process Works
Doctors Recommend It!
Are You Getting Enough Soy?
It Doesn’t Taste Like Soy.
When Will I See Results?
For Best Results
Learn More About Soy
Tips & Recipes
About
Necessity Is The Mother Of Invention
Awards & Recognition
In The News
Reviews
Customer Care
PRIVACY, SECURITY & EMAILINTRODUCTION
We endeavor to protect your personal privacy. We provide this privacy statement to help you to understand what we may do with any personal information that we obtain from you. By providing your personal details to us, you signify your acceptance of our Privacy Statement. If you do not agree to this statement, please do not provide your personal details to us. This privacy statement is incorporated into, and part of, the Terms and Conditions, which govern your use of the site in general. We will use your information for the purposes set out below. You will have an opportunity to unsubscribe whenever we communicate with you.
If you have questions or concerns regarding this statement, you may wish to first contact us a Revival Products, 200 Peddycord Park Court, Kernersville, NC 27284 or by emailing customercare@soy.com.
1. What is Personal Information?
Personal information is information about an identifiable individual, as defined by applicable law. It does not include aggregated information that does not allow you to be identified, nor does it include business contact information such as your name, title, business address and business phone number. If you wish to give us your business information it will be handled in the same professional manner as your personal information.
2. Collecting Personal Information
You can decide what personal information you provide to us. We will only collect personal information that you choose to provide. Where possible, we will enable you to select how we will use this information (for example, by choosing to opt-in or opt-out of receiving special promotional offers from Soy.com).
You may choose to provide us with personal information if, for example, you: contact us with an enquiry; register on the site, fill out a survey or other form with your personal information included; request us to provide you with information; enter a competition; post information to public areas of the site or take advantage of a promotion. You have the opportunity to decide whether or not to receive communications from us at any point where we request information about you. By providing any personal information to us, you fully understand and clearly consent to the transfer of such personal information to, and the collection and processing of such information in, other countries or territories. Any such transfer and processing by us will be in accordance with this privacy statement.
3. Use of Cookies
In common with many websites, we use ‘cookies’ to help us gather the following information from visitors to our site.
A cookie is a small data file that our server sends to your browser when you visit the site. The use of cookies helps us to assist your use of certain aspects of the site. You can delete cookies at any time or you can set your browser to reject or disable cookies. If you do disable cookies some functions on the site may not work correctly. We may use information from cookies for the following purposes:
Traffic monitoring, e.g.: the IP address from which you access the site, the type of browser and operating system used to access the site, the date and time of your access to the site, the pages you visit, the Internet address of the website from which you accessed the site, and to recognize repeat visitors for statistical / analytical purposes.
Anonymous tracking of interaction with online advertising, e.g. to monitor the number of times that a banner ad is displayed and the number of times it is clicked.
We may connect the information that we collect through cookies with other personally identifiable information that you provide to us. Such purposes are:
To customize or personalize your experience of the site; for example, so that we can greet you on the site by name.
For transactional purposes, such as credit card sales.
To monitor your use of our website(s) in order to make our communications to you as relevant as possible; for example, by sending you email communications relevant to the parts of the site that you visit most often or by letting you know about features of the site that you have not accessed previously.
We may compile and report to third parties (such as advertisers) aggregate statistics about our users in terms of numbers, traffic patterns and related site information.
4. Use of Information
We will use information collected from you in the following ways:
Marketing Communications. We may use your personal information in order to communicate with you about Soy.com’s products and services and those of our subsidiaries, affiliates, and parent companies and any of their related businesses. However, you will be able to choose whether or not to receive such communications when you first provide personal information to us. You will also have an opportunity to unsubscribe whenever we communicate with you. You may also unsubscribe from such communications at any time (see “Unsubscribe, access, questions and further information” below).
Marketing Analysis. We may use information for internal marketing analysis, for example, to assess trends amongst our consumers or to measure the amount of traffic to our websites. We may also share non-personal information with others, such as advertisers, in aggregate anonymous form, which means that the information will not contain any personally identifiable information about you. We will only share identifiable personal information with third parties for marketing analysis with your consent.
Transactional Purposes. We may use your personal information in order to respond to your queries and requests and to manage transactions such as credit card payments for any goods that you order from us or any of our agents, or for the fulfillment of such transactions (e.g. delivery). The personal information you provide may be used by an authorized vendor to fulfill that order.
Third Party Offers. We may arrange for carefully selected organizations to send you marketing and promotional information that may be of interest to you. In such circumstances your personal information may be disclosed to these organizations that will agree to be bound by confidentiality obligations and restrictions on use consistent with this privacy statement. We will obtain your permission before we send you any such communications.
Public (or Interactive) Areas of the Site. Information that you post on or through the public areas of the site (e.g., chat rooms, bulletin boards and discussion groups) are generally accessible to, and may be collected and used by, others and may result in unsolicited messages or other contact from others. Users of the site are encouraged to exercise caution when providing personal information about themselves in public (or interactive) areas of this site.
Sale and Transfer. In the event of a sale, merger, consolidation, change in control, transfer of substantial assets, reorganization or liquidation, we may transfer, sell, or assign to third parties information concerning your relationship with us, including without limitation, personally identifiable information that you provide and other information concerning your relationship with us.
Administration and Data Management. We may transfer your personal information to third parties under confidentiality obligations when the performance of any service in relation to the activities above is sub-contracted (e.g. the administration of a marketing campaign).
Legal purposes. We collect, use or disclose your personal information if permitted by law or required to do so by law or where we believe such action is necessary in order to protect or defend us or other third parties against error, negligence, breach of contract, theft fraud and other illegal or harmful activity, to comply with our audit and security requirements, and to audit compliance with or corporate policies, procedures, legal and contractual obligations.
5. Disclosure of personal information
In addition to disclosures identified in the purposes above, from time to time we may disclose personal information to:
a. our service providers and subcontractors, including our affiliates, retained to perform functions on our behalf or to provide services to us, such as warehousing and delivery; marketing and advertising; data processing; software development; website hosting and management; information technology and office services; legal, accounting, audit and other professional service providers; and further provided such service provider does not collect, use or disclose the personal information for any purpose other than to perform such functions or to provide services to us or as otherwise required by law;
b. a person or entity, including our affiliates, to whom disclosure is required in order to fulfill one or more of the purposes described above under “Purposes for Collecting Information”;
c. a person who, in our reasonable judgment, is providing or seeking the information as the authorized or appointed legal agent of the subject individual; or
d. any third party with your consent or where disclosure is required or permitted by law. Your acceptance of the Terms and Conditions of use of this site, which include this Privacy Statement, constitute the granting of consent to the use and disclosure of your personal information for the purposes set out above.
6. Security
We take security seriously and we take precautions to keep your personal information secure. We have put in place appropriate physical, electronic and managerial procedures to safeguard the information we collect. However, due to the open communication nature of the Internet, we cannot guarantee that communications between you and us, or information stored on our servers, will be free from unauthorized access by third parties.
7. Unsubscribe, access, questions and further information
At your request, where the law requires us to do so, we will confirm what personal information we hold about you, update your information, remove your information and/or correct any inaccuracies in such personal information.
If you have created an online account, please log in and update your information. If you do not have access to an account please contact us customercare@soy.com.
8. Links
Soy.com may contain links or references to other Web sites outside of our control. Please be aware that we have no control over these sites and our privacy statement does not apply to these sites. We encourage you to read the privacy statements and terms and conditions of linked or referenced sites you enter.
GREAT TASTE GUARANTEE
Revival is the only soy brand with a Great Taste Guarantee. Your satisfaction is important to us! Revival Soy is the best-tasting way to enjoy the benefits of soy in our humble opinion. If you are not satisfied for any reason, we will exchange it for another Revival product or refund your money for the unused portion within 30 days of the order date.
*These statements have not been evaluated by the Food and Drug Administration. Revival foods and healthy foods are not intended to diagnose, treat, cure or prevent any disease. Individual results vary. Consult a doctor before starting any diet or exercise plan. Typical hot flash reduction was nearly 40% in a 12-week study. Typical weight loss was 26 - 29 pounds for dieters in a 16 week study. Studies were funded in part or in whole by Physicians Laboratories. Testimonials were compensated fairly for use of their testimonies including payment plus free products. Individual results vary. The FDA states that 25g of soy protein a day, as part of a diet low in saturated fat and cholesterol, may reduce risk of heart disease. Each Revival protein shake and protein bar provides 20g of soy protein which is a good source of energy from calories. Adequate calcium throughout life, as part of a well-balanced diet, may reduce the risk of osteoporosis. (Full Disclaimer)
MEDICAL DISCLAIMER - All information is intended for your general knowledge only and is not a substitute for medical advice or treatment for specific medical conditions. We cannot and do not give medical advice.
(Full Disclaimer)
In accordance with the FTC guide lines concerning the use of endorsements and testimonials in advertising, we want to note that:
Testimonials appearing on this site are actually received via mail, email, text, audio or video submission. They are individual experiences, reflecting real life experiences of those who have used our products in some way or another. However, they are individual results and results do vary person to person. The testimonials displayed are given verbatim, except for correction of grammatical or typographical errors. Some have been shortened when the testimonial seemed lengthy or the entire testimonal did not seem relevant for the general public. This site is not a forum for testimonials, however provides testimonials as a means for customers to share their experiences with one another. To prevent against abuse, all testimonials appear after they have been reviewed by management of Revival Products, Inc. Additionally, these testimonials are not intended to make claims that these products can be used to diagnose, treat, cure, mitigate or prevent any disease. These claims have not been clinically proven or evaluated by the FDA.
Soy.com is operated by Revival Products, Inc. Copyright © 2016 Revival Products, Inc. All Rights Reserved
By continuing to the site, you agree to our Privacy, Security & Email policies.
Privacy Preferences
I Agree
Notice:
Undefined index: scroll_top_target in /home/revivam7/public_html/wp-content/plugins/scroll-top/inc/functions.php on line 37