http://www.halfmoonbaytrading.com/privacy
Login View Cart
Hot Links
Fan Mail
News
Contact
Company
Recipes
Products
Home
Privacy
This privacy statement discloses the privacy practices for Half Moon Bay Trading Company.
Information Collection and Use:
Half Moon Bay Trading Company is the sole owner of the information collected through our web site. We do not sell, share, or rent this information to others. Half Moon Bay Trading Company collects only statistical information of visitors to our Web site.
Registration:
In order to use this application, a user must first complete the registration form. During registration a user is required to give their contact information (such as name and email address). This information is used to contact the user about the services on our site for which they have expressed interest.
Orders:
We request information from the user on our order form. Here a user must provide contact information (like name and address) and financial information (like credit card number, expiration date). This information is used for billing purposes and to fill customers' orders. If we have trouble processing an order, this contact information is used to get in touch with the user.
Cookies:
A cookie is a piece of data stored on the user's hard drive containing information about the user. Usage of a cookie is in no way linked to any personally identifiable information while on our site. Once the user closes their browser, the cookie simply terminates. For instance, by setting a cookie on our site, the user would not have to log in a password more than once, thereby saving time while on our site. If a user rejects the cookie, they may still use our site.
Log Files:
We use IP addresses to analyze trends, administer the site, track user's movement, and gather broad demographic information for aggregate use. IP addresses are not linked to personally identifiable information.
Sharing:
We do not share any information, statistical or personal with other individuals or organizations.
Links:
This web site may contain links to other sites. Please be aware that we (Half Moon Bay Trading Company) are not responsible for the privacy practices of such other sites. We encourage our users to be aware when they leave our site and to read the privacy statements of each and every Web site that collects personally identifiable information.
Surveys:
From time-to-time our site may request information from users via a survey. Participation in these surveys is completely voluntary and the user therefore has a choice whether or not to disclose this information. Information requested may include contact information (such as name and address), and demographic information (such as zip code, age level). Survey information will be used for purposes of monitoring or improving the use and satisfaction of this site.
Security:
This application takes every precaution to protect our users' information. When users submit sensitive information via the Web site, your information is protected both online and off-line.
When our order form asks users to enter sensitive information (such as credit card number), that information is encrypted and is protected with the best encryption software in the industry. While on a secure page, such as our order form, the "lock" icon on the bottom of Web browsers such as Netscape Navigator and Microsoft Internet Explorer becomes locked, as opposed to un-locked, or open, when you are just "surfing."
While we use SSL encryption to protect sensitive information online, we also do everything in our power to protect user-information off-line. All of our users' information, not just the sensitive information mentioned above, is restricted in our offices.
Special Offers:
Established members will occasionally receive information on products, services, special deals, and a newsletter. Out of respect for the privacy of our users we present the option to not receive these types of communications. Please see our choice and opt-out below.
Correction/Updating Personal Information:
If a customer's personally identifiable information changes (such as your zip code), we will endeavor to provide a way to correct, update or remove that user's personal data provided to us. This can usually be done by emailing our Customer Support. You can contact our customer support at:
Half Moon Bay Trading Company
P.O. Box 330718
Atlantic Beach, Florida 32233-0718
USA
(904) 246-9493
1-888-44-SAUCE
Fax: (904) 246-9442
Freight & Courier Deliveries/Pick-ups Only (no mail service):
Half Moon Bay Trading Company
210 Mayport Road
Atlantic Beach, Florida 32233
Notification of Changes:
If we decide to change our privacy policy, we will post those changes on our Homepage so our users are always aware of what information we collect, how we use it, and under what circumstances, if any, we disclose it.
Products
Pepper Sauces & Salsas
Condiments & Mixers
Company
Bios
Shipping Rates & Policies
Suppliers
Retailers
FAQ
Recipes
Savory Starters
Devilish Delights
Main Dishes
Sides, Veggies, Etc.
Share a Recipe
Quick Links
Contact Us
Hot Links
Getting Social
Twitter
Facebook
©2017 Half Moon Bay Trading Company. All Rights Reserved. Web site by Shepherd. Privacy Statement