http://www.healthdirectusa.com/policies/privacy-policy
COVID-19 Update
Open and shipping normally.
Expand
FREE Shipping
On all $35+ orders.
Expand
Close menu
Close menu
Main menu
home
supplements
health IQ
reshape book
find a store
1-800-989-9531
Sign-In
Register
Twitter
Facebook
Instagram
Products
Pages
Articles
Menu
0
Privacy policy
Health Direct owns and/or operates a network of websites offering a variety of products and services. In addition, Health Direct collects consumer data from various other sources outlined in this Privacy Policy. This Privacy Policy applies to all information collected by Health Direct By using our website or submitting information to us, you consent to the use and sharing of information collected or submitted as described in this Privacy Policy. If you do not agree to this Privacy Policy, please do not use or visit any of Health Direct websites or web pages, and do not disclose any information to us.
Privacy Policy Changes
This Privacy Policy gives you an overview of Health Direct practices regarding the type of information collected, how we collect your information, how we use your information, how we share your information, and various other important facts about our privacy practices. Note that this Privacy Policy may change from time to time, and we reserve the right to change this Privacy Policy at anytime. It is your responsibility to periodically revisit this Privacy Policy to review any changes. In order to track any changes to this Privacy Policy, we will include historical revision dates at the top of this document. We may also notify you by email to the email address you provided to us during registration via a Health Direct website. It is your responsibility to provide us with your most current email address. You may request that we refrain from using your personal information by clicking to unsubscribe.
Type of Information Collected
We collect and merge non-personally identifiable information (“Non-PII”) and personally identifiable information (“PII”) through the various sources discussed below. For your reference, PII means any information that may be used to identify an individual, including but not limited to name, address, telephone number, or email address. Non-PII is data that is not used to specifically identify, contact or locate an individual, including but not limited to zip code, gender, age, or IP address.
How We Collect Your Information
Websites: We collect information about you via a Health Direct website when you provide it in connection with a request for a product, service or information. For example, if you decide to place an order or complete a registration form, we may ask you for, but not limited to, the following information: First and last name, delivery address, billing address, e-mail address, telephone number, date of birth, gender, mother’s maiden name and/or payment information. We also collect information through web server applications. This information includes, but is not limited to your referring URL, browser type, Internet protocol (“IP”) address, and the date and time. Advertisements: Additionally, we collect information about you when you complete a questionnaire on one of our advertisements included on our websites or web pages. The advertisements present opportunities for consumers to acquire our services or gain access to other opportunities we can provide. This information may include, but is not limited to: your email address, name, mailing address, telephone number, date of birth, gender, IP address, and payment information; as well as other information about your interests.
Marketing Partners: In some cases, we contract marketing partners who are website publishers to host one of our websites or web pages on our behalf, if you sign up on one of these hosted websites or web pages our marketing partners may submit all or a portion of the information that you submitted on the registration form to Health Direct This information may include, but is not limited to: your email address, name, mailing address, telephone number, date of birth, gender, IP address, and payment information; as well as other information about your interests.
Data Partners: We may receive information about you, including but not limited to your email address, name, mailing address, telephone number, date of birth, gender, and IP address from third-party data partners that sell or contract us to manage consumer data on their behalf.
Service Providers: We may use third-party data houses to append additional information to the information you have provided us. This information may include, but is not limited to phone number and email address. In addition, we may acquire information from service providers to validate the information you provided.
How We Use Your Information
We may use your information collected for any legally permissible purpose at our sole discretion, including but not limited to those uses described in this Privacy Policy. Health Direct may always use the personal information that you provide to: (1) fulfill your request for a product, information or other service; (2) respond to an email or request; (3) send information to you about additional goods or services, deliver to you our newsletter or surveys, product information, usage tips or promotions; (4) help improve our website(s) or services; (5) to service your account, verify your identity, and provide customer service; or (6) customize visitors’ experiences at our website(s). Health Direct may also use your personal information for any marketing and survey purpose on behalf of itself and its affiliates and subsidiaries.
We may use your information for ad serving purposes. For example we may show ads to you based on your IP address, demographics, phone number, or other information we collected about you. We reserve the right to decline all current and future transactions through any data points at our own discretion which may include the use of currently and previously collected information. Your acceptance of the terms and conditions of this website constitutes your express written consent to receive telemarketing calls from us and from third-party marketers, including by means of a pre-recorded message and automated voice dialing. Your consent will be effective regardless of whether the number you have provided: (a) is a home, business, or cell phone line; and/or (b) is or will be registered on any state or federal Do-Not-Call (DNC) list, and shall remain in effect until you revoke your consent by clicking to unsubscribe.
When submitting your credit card to us or one of our advertisers, you are consenting to allowing us to pre authorize your credit or debit card to determine your ability to pay for any product or service that you may be interested in. In no circumstances will we ever share your credit card data.
We may use your information for on-line and off-line marketing purposes, including but not limited to text messaging, email marketing, telemarketing, and direct mail.
SMS, Wireless and Other Mobile Offers. Some of the services that we provide will result in sending an SMS, wireless or other mobile offering to your cell phone. These should be obvious in the context of the offering at the time you sign up. By signing up, you are agreeing to receive these mobile offerings. You understand that your wireless carrier’s standard rates apply to these messages. To unsubscribe or discontinue SMS messages, send “STOP”, “END”, “QUIT” to the SMS text message you have received. This process impacts only the future delivery of the particular SMS message offering, so you must send that message for each offering. This will not affect offerings sent on behalf of third-parties.
How We Share Your Information
Health Direct will use or disclose your personal information under the following circumstances: (1) in response to subpoenas, court orders, or legal process, or to establish or exercise our legal rights or defend against legal claims; (2) in the event you violate or breach an agreement with a Health Direct website; (3) we believe you will harm the property or rights of a Health Direct website’s customers; or (4) we believe it is necessary to share information in order to investigate, prevent, or take action regarding illegal activities, suspected fraud, chargeback resolutions, situations involving potential threats to the physical safety of any person, or as otherwise required by law. We may also collect, store or accumulate certain nonpersonally identifiable information concerning your use of a Health Direct website, such as information regarding which of our pages are most popular. Information gathered may be used in aggregate form for internal business purposes, such as generating statistics and developing marketing plans. We may share or transfer such aggregated, non-personally identifiable information with or to our affiliates, licensees and partners.
Technology
Some information is collected automatically while you are using a Health Direct website. It is important to note that Health Direct must store this information in order to ensure you receive optimal service while using a Health Direct website.
This type of information could include:
“Log Files” - Health Direct uses log files to track member usage and engagement and to gauge the effectiveness of our different services. We use your IP address to help diagnose problems with our server and to administer the website. Log file information may include, but not limited to: (1) IP Addresses; (2) browser type; (3) number of page views; (4) log-in frequency; and (5) page or section accesses.
“Cookies” - Health Direct may use cookies, which are electronic pieces of information stored on your computer, to allow us to recognize you when you return to a Health Direct website and to provide you with customized services and information.
“Clear Gifs” - Health Direct uses clear gifs, which are tiny graphics with a unique identifier (similar in function to cookies), to track the online movements of the web users. Additionally, we may use pixel tracking technology to track the completion of transactions with us or our advertisers.
Children
Health Direct websites are not intended or designed to attract users under the age of 18. We do not collect personally identifiable data from any person we know to be under the age of 18 and instruct users under 18 not to send us any information. It is possible that by fraud or deception we may receive information pertaining to children under the age of 18. We recognize the unique privacy concerns regarding children. We are committed to carefully protecting privacy where children are involved no matter the point of contact. In particular, our intention is to fully comply with the Children’s Online Privacy Protection Act (“COPPA”). Per COPPA guidelines, we do not knowingly collect PII from children under the age of 13. If a parent or guardian is made aware that a child under the age of 13 has provided us with PII through any point of contact we will delete the information about the child referenced from our files when you contact us.
Security
We use procedural and technical safeguards to protect your personal information against loss or theft as well as unauthorized access. We employ many different security techniques to protect such data from unauthorized access by users inside and outside of Health Direct However, perfect security does not exist on the Internet. Therefore, we cannot ensure or warrant the security of your information. You acknowledge and assume this risk when communicating with and providing information to Health Direct. Your information may be stored and processed in the United States or any other country in which Health Direct sites or its affiliates, subsidiaries or agents maintain facilities, and by using a Health Direct site, you consent to any such transfer of information outside of your country.
Other Links
Health Direct websites may contain links that direct you to websites owned and operated by other companies. Health Direct does not control, and assumes no responsibility for the content, privacy policies or practices of any third party websites, which may employ cookies and/or collection personal information. In addition, Health Direct will not and cannot censor or edit the content of any third-party website that you visit.
Opt Out
By completing the registration form on one of the Health Direct website or web pages you consented to receiving marketing communications from us and our third-party marketing partners, if you decide that you do not want to receive these marketing communications you may opt-out of receiving them at any time by contacting us calling us toll-free at 1-800-989-9531 or sending us a written request to the address below.
Opt OutHealth Direct16750 Hale AveIrvine, CA 92606
California Privacy Rights
Under California’s “Shine the Light” law, we provide a method for consumers to “opt-out” of having their information shared with third-parties.
Limitation of Liability
YOU UNDERSTAND AND AGREE THAT ANY DISPUTES THAT ARISE OVER YOUR PRIVACY WILL BE BOUND BY THE TERMS AND CONDITIONS OF THIS PRIVACY POLICY. IN ADDITION, YOU AGREE THAT Health Direct LIABILITY WILL BE LIMITED TO THE VALUE OF THE TRANSACTIONS OR SERVICES PROVIDED TO YOU BY Health Direct.
Health Direct Limited ("Health Direct") understands that your privacy is important to you and that you care about how your information is used and shared online.
When we say 'we' or 'us' in this policy, we're referring to the separate and distinct legal entities that make up Health Direct Limited (as the operator of the Stores and Websites), or other subsidiaries as appropriate. If you would like more information about which entity you are dealing with, check the terms and conditions of the product or service you are using, or contact us by one of the means set out in the "Contact Us" section below.
We respect and value the privacy of everyone who uses our Services and are committed to maintaining it. We will only collect and use information in ways that are useful to you and in a manner consistent with your rights and Our obligations under the law. This Policy applies if you interact with us through our stores, over the phone, online, through our mobile applications or otherwise by using any of our websites or interacting with us on social media (our "Services"). Please read this Privacy Policy carefully and ensure that you understand it. Your acceptance of
Our Privacy Policy is deemed to occur upon your first use of Our Services AND/OR You will be required to read and accept this Privacy Policy when signing up for an Account . If you do not accept and agree with this Privacy Policy, you must stop using Our Services immediately. By accessing, browsing or otherwise using the Websites you confirm that you have read and understood this Privacy Policy. Please ensure you have read it carefully, and particularly the section detailing your rights in relation to the personal information that we collect about you.
Definitions and Interpretation
In this Policy the following terms shall have the following meanings:
"Account" - Means an account required to access and/or use certain areas and features of Our Sites and Services;
"Cookie" - Means a small text file placed on your computer or device by Our Sites when you visit certain parts of Our Sites and/or when you use certain features of Our Sites. Details of the Cookies used by Our Sites are set out in section 14, below;
"Our Sites/Services" - Our Sites means our websites: https://HealthDirectUSA.com, our stores, our phone Services. Our Services means our Websites, our mobile applications and our Social Media accounts.
"The UK DP Act, the Privacy and Electronic Communications (EC Directive) Regulations 2003, as amended in 2004, 2011 and 2015, and EU Cookie Law" - Means the relevant parts of the Privacy and Electronic Communications (EC Directive) Regulations 2003 as amended in 2004, 2011 and 2015; and the Data Protection Act 1998 or (from 25 May 2018) the General Data Protection Regulation (2016/679) and the Data Protection Act 2018, overseen by the Information Commissioner's Office.
Information About Us
Our Site, healthdirectusa.com is owned and operated by Health Direct, a corporation operated in the United States of America. Our data protection officers can be reached by phone at 1-800-989-9531
Scope - This Privacy Policy applies only to your use of Our Services. It does not extend to any websites that are linked to from Our Sites (whether We provide those links or whether they are shared by other users). We have no control over how your data is collected, stored or used by other websites and We advise you to check the privacy policies of any such websites before providing any data to them.
What Data Do We Collect - Some data will be collected automatically by Our Sites (for further details, please see section 14 on Our use of Cookies and Our Cookie Policy ) , other data will only be collected if you voluntarily submit it and consent to Us using it for the purposes set out in section 7, for example, when signing up for an Account, giving us details and feedback, including by phone, email, post, or when communicating with us via social media. Depending upon your use of Our Services, We may collect some or all of the following data:
Name and Title;
Date of birth;
Gender;
Business/company name/Job Title;Home, Billing and Delivery Address(es);
Email Address(es) (home, mobile, work – customer dependant);
Phone Number(s) (home, mobile, work – customer dependant);
Your account login details for our Services, including your username and encrypted password;
Purchase information and information about the Services that we provide to you (including for example, the things we have provided to you, when and where, what you paid, the way you use our products and Services, and so on);
Financial information such as credit / debit card numbers;
Health Direct Discount Card detail(s);
Information about whether or not you want to receive marketing communications from us; Social media account details;
Your comments, Services reviews and responses on surveys you completed;
Appointment booking, customer orders and information given during an appointment or a special order;
Any shopping preferences or details to help us suggest products for you; Information required to make decisions about your application for products and Services offered by Health Direct, (such as your employment details, your profession, information taken from identification documents (your passport, or driving licence, your insurance, and medical history), and details from additional documents (diplomas, Certifications, proof of qualifications. etc...);
Details of your interactions with our Customer Service Centre;
IP address (automatically collected);
Web browser type and version (automatically collected);
Website / Browsing History, including location data
Cookie information (please see our Cookie Policy for details) Operating system, (automatically collected); This includes any information about any device you have used to access our Services (such as your device’s make and model, browser or IP address); and also, how you use our Services. For example, we try to identify which of our apps you use and when and how you use them. If you use our websites, we try to identify when and how you use those websites too; Information from other sources such as specialist companies that provide customer information and Services (such as financial institutions, fraud prevention agencies, claims databases, marketing and research companies, Emailing companies, postal companies, couriers companies (FedEx, DPD, We may add further companies in the future. When we do so, we will update this notice), social media providers, as well as information that is publicly available. A list of URLs starting with a referring site, your activity on Our Sites and interaction by phone, email, post, or when you communicate with us via social media; and the site you exit to (automatically collected); In some circumstances we may collect special category data such as details of medical conditions, nationality, country of residence, racial or ethnic origin from you, when necessary to advise on products.
We collect personal information when you Purchase products or Services or buy or redeem vouchers through the Websites, including the mobile sites, over the phone or at store till points; Register an Account; Register for Health Direct Reward Schemes; Place a special order in store, over the phone or online; Make changes to, make a claim or complaint, or cancel an order; Sign up to receiving replenishment emails; Sign up to our newsletters; Submit reviews or choose to complete surveys we have sent you; Engage with us via social media; Enter our competitions, prize draws or promotions; Use our customer Services team or contact us for any reason, e.g. order queries, complaints, website issues via our web-chat facility, phone, email and postal correspondence; Complete a form, such as for a transaction or employment purpose or for accident or incidents in stores or for other health and safety or security purposes; Book an appointment with our experts, or to attend an event we've organised; Shop in stores which usually have CCTV systems operated for the security of both customers and colleagues; Browse the website - please see the section on cookies for more information;
Legal Basis for Processing Your Personal Information
Under GDPR we will ensure that your personal data is processed lawfully, fairly, and transparently, without adversely affecting your rights. Whenever we process your personal information we have to have something called a "legal basis" for what we do. The different legal bases we rely on are:
Consent: You have told us you are happy for us to process your personal information for a specific purpose;
Legitimate interests: Health Direct has a legitimate interest in protecting itself from fraud. The processing is necessary for us to conduct our business, but not where our interests are overridden by your interests or rights.
Performance of a contract: We must process your personal information in order to be able to provide you with one of our products or Services;
Vital interests: The processing of your personal information is necessary to protect you or someone else's life;
Prevention of fraud: Where we are required to process your data in order to protect us and our customers from fraud or money laundering;
Public information: Where we process personal information which you have already made public;
Legal claims: The processing of your personal information is necessary for the establishment, exercise or defence of legal claims or whenever courts are acting in their judicial capacity; and
Legal obligation: We are required to process your personal information by law.
How Do We Use Your Data
Your personal data is stored securely in accordance with the EU General Data Protection Regulation (Regulation (EU) 2016/679) (GDPR). For more details on security see section 8, below. We use your data to provide the best possible products and Services to you. This includes:
Providing and managing your Account;
Providing and managing your access to Our Services;
Personalising and tailoring your experience on Our Site;
Supplying Our products and Services to you;
Personalising and tailoring Our products and Services for you;
Responding to communications from you;
Supplying you with email (e.g. newsletters, alerts etc.) that you have subscribed to (you may unsubscribe or opt-out at any time by Insert Description of Unsubscription Method);
Market research;
Analysing your use of Our Sites and gathering feedback to enable Us to continually improve Our Sites and your user experience;
We use your personal information in a number of different ways, depending on the type of information provided. You do not have to provide this personal information but if you don't, you may not be able to purchase goods from us, we may not be able to provide certain Services and you are unlikely to receive our optimal overall customer experience. The lists below set this out in detail, showing what we do, and why we do it:
Why we collect your personal information and how we may use it.
We've got to do this to perform our contract with you.
To fulfill your order, i.e. taking payment, updating you regarding the status of your order and shipping the order to you (including the printing of labels).
To manage any issues during order fulfillment. This would also include tax-free shopping / click and collect / refunds and returns.
We've needed to do this to perform our contract with you. We may also keep a record of this to comply with our legal obligations.
To register you for an Account.
We've got to do this to perform our contract with you. Where you have not yet purchased anything from us, we will ask you if you want to consent to email marketing through this registration.
To register you for a Discount Scheme and send you your Discount Scheme Card confirmation and card and ongoing statements, points and Discount Scheme related emails.
We've got to do this to perform our contract with you. We may also keep a record of this to comply with our legal obligations.
To update you regarding your Health Direct account, manage your account and send you vouchers, points update and replenishment emails
We've got to do this to perform our contract with you. Where the processing is necessary for the performance of a contract to which you are a party or in order to take steps at the request of you prior to entering into a contract. To send you offers, promotions and events for Newsletter subscribers.
We've got legitimate interest to send you promotions relevant to the Discount scheme. You can opt out of these at any time through your account settings. We will also ask you if you want to consent to other email marketing through this registration.
To provide an Invoice for a purchase.
In order to perform our contract with you. To fulfil your order, i.e. taking payment, updating you regarding the status of your order and shipping the order to you.
To verify your identity when you access your account or to contact you to perform security checks.
Health Direct has a legitimate interest in ensuring that you are who you say you are to ensure goods and Services are provided to the correct person.
In the detection and prevention of fraud or other crimes.
Health Direct has a legitimate interest in protecting itself from Fraud. The processing is necessary for us to conduct our business, but not where our interests are overridden by your interests or rights.
To monitor and improve the Services and the Website, including monitoring browsing activity and session replays. Health Direct has a legitimate interest in monitoring the websites to improve customer experience.
To be able to return any lost items to you or record any incidents or accidents in store You have a legitimate interest in providing this information to Health Direct to ensure we can manage any of the occurrences that may occur in store.
To send you an email that you have abandoned your basket or, for existing customers (subject to your preferences), where we send you updates on items you have been browsing.
Health Direct has a legitimate interest to sell its products, including checking to see if customers want to continue processing their order.
To invite you to complete a survey where you have purchased goods in store or online. We may use third parties to send you these surveys and compile responses.
Health Direct has a legitimate interest in selling its products. We don't need your consent to send you these communications, but they will not include any promotional content. We use responses from surveys to monitor and improve the quality of our products and Services for the future.
To send you marketing promotions, offers, competitions and events by email, post, phone and SMS for Health Direct goods and Services, (subject to your preferences). We use a third party, MailChimp, to help us manage and send out emails. Health Direct has a legitimate interest in selling its products. Sending details of promotions, offers and events to customers helps us do this. You are free to opt-out of receiving these communications at any time.
To administer any prize draws or competitions that you choose to enter. We sometimes use third parties to help us do this - we will make this clear in the terms and conditions of the prize draw or competition.
We will do this based on the consent you give us when you enter. If a third party will use these details to contact you directly as part of the prize draw or competition, we will ask for your consent to that third party contacting you. To process and manage your booking/appointment (for example with our practitioners). We use Health Direct booking hub, and a third party to run the booking pages (depending on your appointment).
We've got to do this to perform our contract with you and to enable us to set up the appointment and arrange this with you. To combine aggregated information about our customers (that doesn't identify those customers) to help us track performance and improve the Services we offer.
Health Direct has a legitimate interest in analysing this information to improve customer experience.To send you service emails or communications required by law to update you about any changes to our goods and Services, any information required by law relating to your order or product recalls.
We need to do this to comply with our legal obligations. We don't need your consent to send you these communications, but they will not include any promotional content.
To develop and test any changes or improvements to our Websites, goods or Services.
Health Direct has a legitimate interest in developing and testing our goods and Services to improve customer experience. Your payment details
To fulfill your order, i.e. taking payment, updating you regarding the status of your order and shipping the order to you. As well as managing any issues during order fulfilment.
We need to do this to perform our contract with you and our contracts with partners and suppliers who work with us to provide a service to you.
To analyse customer's spend within our stores and online.
Health Direct has a legitimate interest in analysing this information to improve customer experience.
Why we collect your login and password and how we may use them.
To verify your identity when you access your account.
Health Direct has a legitimate interest in ensuring that you are who you say you are to ensure goods and Services are provided to the correct person.
Why we collect your device information, device information, preferences and cookies provided when you browse our website, and how we use them.
To tailor your experience online and send you personalised emails (in combination with other information you have provided us or our third parties) so that we can offer you goods and Services and promotions, offers and events you are interested in.
We will do this where you have consented to the use of cookies on our database. Please see our section on Cookies and our Cookie Policy for more details. You can manage your cookie settings at any time.
To show you advertising on such Social Media platforms as Facebook and Twitter or third-party advertising that may appear on other websites you use.
We will do this where you have consented to the use of cookies on our database. Please see our section on Cookies and our Cookie Policy for more details. You can manage your cookie settings at any time.
To combine the information that we collect directly from you with any information that we obtain from third parties to whom you have given your consent to pass that data onto us, such as the Social Media platforms and publicly available information we describe above.
Health Direct has a legitimate interest in understanding our customers and what will interest them for the best customer experience. This also helps us identify trends in different countries which helps us to better understand our customers in those countries.
To combine with personal information that we collect directly from you (including survey responses) with any information that we obtain from third parties in order to classify our customers into segments, using shopping habits information regarding your personal or professional interests, demographics, experience with our products and contact preferences. Health Direct has a legitimate interest in understanding our customers and what will interest them for the best customer experience. These segments help us to understand our customers better. To the extent we receive data from third parties, this will be based on the permission you have given that third party to share your data with us. Financial information, social media information
When combined with personal identification and contact details to investigate cases of fraud.
Health Direct has a legitimate interest in protecting ourselves from various types of fraud. The processing is necessary for us to conduct our business, but not where our interests are overridden by your interests or rights. To ensure the safety and security of colleagues and customers and the prevention or detection of unlawful acts.
Health Direct has a legitimate interest in protecting itself from crime, and to provide a safe working environment for our staff.
In some cases, the collection of data may be a statutory or contractual requirement, and We will be limited in the products and Services We can provide you without your consent for Us to be able to use such data.
With your permission and/or where permitted by law, We may also use your data for marketing purposes which may include contacting you by email, AND/OR Social Media InMails/Direct Message AND/OR Social Media posts AND/OR telephone AND/OR text message AND/OR post with information, news and offers on Our products AND/OR Services. We will not, however, send you any unsolicited marketing or spam and will take all reasonable steps to ensure that We fully protect your rights and comply with Our obligations under the GDPR and the Privacy and Electronic Communications (EC Directive) Regulations 2003, as amended in 2004, 2011 and 2015.
Advertisers whose content appears on Our Sites may engage in what is known as "behavioural advertising" - advertising which is tailored to your preferences, based on your activity. Your activity is monitored using Cookies, as detailed below in section 14. You can control and limit your data used in this way by adjusting your web browser's privacy settings. Please note that We do not control the activities of such advertisers, nor the information they collect and use. Limiting the use of your data in this way will not remove the advertising, but it will make it less relevant to your interests and activities on Our Sites.
Under GDPR we will ensure that your personal data is processed lawfully, fairly, and transparently, without adversely affecting your rights.
How and Where Do We Store Your Data
We will keep your personal information for the purposes set out in this privacy policy and in accordance with the law and relevant regulations, and/or for as long as We have your permission to keep it. We will retain your personal data for as long as your account is active or as needed to provide you Services. We will conduct an annual review to ascertain whether we need to keep your data. If you close your account, we will retain your personal data for a period where it is necessary to continue operating our business effectively, to maintain a record of your transactions for financial reporting purposes or fraud prevention purposes until these purposes no longer exist, and to retain as necessary to comply with our legal obligations, resolve disputes, and enforce our agreements. In most cases, our retention period will come to an end 10 years after the end of your relationship with us. Your data will be deleted if we no longer need it in accordance with the terms of our Data Retention Policy. Our Data Retention Policies listed in section above.
Some or all of your data may be stored or transferred outside of the European Economic Area ("the EEA") (The EEA consists of all EU member states, plus Norway, Iceland and Liechtenstein). You are deemed to accept and agree to this by using Our Sites and submitting information to Us. If We do store or transfer data outside the EEA, We will take all reasonable steps to ensure that your data is treated as safely and securely as it would be within the EEA and under the GDPR. Such steps may include, but not be limited to, the use of legally binding contractual terms between Us and any third parties We engage and include contractual commitments approved by the European Commission, on recipients of the data, to ensure that there is adequate protection for your personal data. If We intend at any time to transfer any of your data outside the EEA, We will always obtain your consent beforehand and we have put in place safeguards to protect your data. For more information about the safeguards in place and to view a copy of such safeguards, please contact us using the details below.
Data security is of great importance to Us, and to protect your data We have put in place suitable physical, electronic and managerial procedures to safeguard and secure data collected through Our Sites.
We have implemented an information security program that contains administrative, technical and physical controls that are designed to safeguard your personal data, including industry-standard encryption technology. However, no method of transmission over the Internet, or method of electronic storage, is 100% secure. Therefore, we cannot guarantee its absolute security.
Notwithstanding the security measures that We take, it is important to remember that the transmission of data via the internet may not be 100% secure and that you are advised to take suitable precautions when transmitting to Us data via the internet.
Do We Share Your Data
We may share your data with other companies in Our group. This includes Our subsidiaries AND/OR Our holding company and its subsidiaries.  We may contract with third parties to supply products and Services to you on Our behalf. These may include payment processing, delivery of goods, search engine facilities, advertising and marketing. In some cases, the third parties may require access to some or all of your data. Where any of your data is required for such a purpose, We will take all reasonable steps to ensure that your data will be handled safely, securely, and in accordance with your rights, Our obligations, and the obligations of third parties under the law.
In order to provide our Services to you, we share your data with the following categories of companies:
Companies in the Health Direct Group - all Health Direct companies within the group adhere to the same standards of data protection.
Companies that help get your purchase to you, such as payment service providers, warehouses and order packers or as part of the standard customer journey for the purposes of taking payment, managing your order, monitoring site performance and stability, improving customer experience, tracking revenue, delivery and returns.
Logistics and delivery providers who enable us to deliver products you order on our websites such as Royal Mail, DPD, FedEx, PPL.
Companies who provide us with CRM such as SalesForce, Desk.com.
Companies who help administer your feedback such as TrustPilot.
Companies who help us arrange any Services you have asked for, such as appointment bookings for our practitioners and Services.
Third party vendors who help us to manage and maintain the Group IT infrastructure;
Professional service providers, such as marketing agencies, advertising partners and website hosts who help us run our business and deliver our marketing and advertising to you, including third party print companies for mailing purposes. i) Market research partners, who help us to analyse customer behaviour.
Data insight companies and other business systems providers who ensure the information we hold is up to date and accurate.
Fraud prevention agencies and payment card and insurance to ensure the safety and security of our customers, colleagues and business. All credit/debit card holders are subject to validation checks and authorisation by the card issuer and we may share your personal information with such third parties as are necessary to enable us to do such checks. The third parties may keep a record of the information provided.
Companies approved by you, such as social media sites - providers - such as Facebook, Instagram and Twitter - where we interact with you on social media; (if you choose to link your accounts to us), PayPal where you choose to use their payment service, and payment card business. All credit/debit card holders are subject to validation checks and authorisation by the card issuer and we may share your personal information with such third parties as are necessary to enable us to do such checks.
Advertising companies, who help us place Health Direct adverts online.
Our Sites Where relevant, our professional advisors, such as lawyers and consultants. In certain circumstances We may be legally required to share certain data held by Us, which may include your personal information, for example, where We are involved in legal proceedings, where We are complying with the requirements of legislation, a court order, or a governmental authority. We do not require any further consent from you in order to share your data in such circumstances and will comply as required with any legally binding request that is made of Us.
What Happens If Our Business Changes Hands
If we sell or buy any business or assets or transfer an area of the business to a new provider, we will disclose your personal data to the prospective seller or buyer of such business or assets or any third party who acquires our assets or who the business is transferred to.
We may, from time to time, expand or reduce Our business and this may involve the sale and/or the transfer of control of all or part of Our business. Data provided by users will, where it is relevant to any part of Our business will be transferred along with that part and the new owner or newly controlling party will, under the terms of this Privacy Policy, be permitted to use the data for the purposes for which it was originally collected by Us.
In the event that any of your data is to be transferred in such a manner, you will not be contacted in advance and informed of the changes. When contacted you will not, however, be given the choice to have your data deleted or withheld from the new owner or controller.
How Can You Control Your Data
When you submit information via Our Services, you may be given options to restrict Our use of your data. We aim to give you strong controls on Our use of your data (including the ability to opt-out of receiving emails from Us which you may do by unsubscribing using the links provided in Our emails and at the point of providing your details AND/OR by managing your Account) .
You may also wish to sign up to one or more of the preference Services operating in the UK: The Telephone Preference Service ("the TPS"), the Corporate Telephone Preference Service ("the CTPS"), and the Mailing Preference Service ("the MPS"). These may help to prevent you receiving unsolicited marketing. Please note, however, that these Services will not prevent you from receiving marketing communications that you have consented to receiving.
Your Right to Withhold Information and Your Right to Withdraw Information After You Have Given it
You may access certain areas of Our Services without providing any data at all. However, to use all the features and the functions available on Our Sites or Services you may be required to submit or allow for the collection of certain data.
You may restrict your internet browser's use of Cookies.
You may withdraw your consent for Us to use your personal data as set out in at any time by contacting Us using the details set out in Contact Us below, and We will delete Your data from Our systems. However, you acknowledge this may limit Our ability to provide the best possible products and Services to you.
How Can You Access Your Data
You have the legal right to ask for a copy of any of your personal data held by Us (where such data is held). Please contact Us for more details at support@healthdirtectusa.com, or using the contact details below.
What Cookies Do We Use and What For
Our Sites may place and access certain first party Cookies on your computer or device. First party Cookies are those placed directly by Us and are used only by Us. We use Cookies to facilitate and improve your experience of Our Sites and to provide and improve Our products and Services. We have carefully chosen these Cookies and have taken steps to ensure that your privacy is protected and respected at all times. By using Our Sites you may also receive certain third-party Cookies on your computer or device. Third-party Cookies are those placed by websites, Services, and/or parties other than Us. We use third-party Cookies on Our Sites.
All Cookies used by and on Our Sites are used in accordance with current English and EU Cookie Law. For further information visit http://aboutcookies.org.uk/ A cookie is a small file which asks permission to be placed on your computer's hard drive. Before any Cookies are placed on your computer or device you will be shown a popup, requesting your consent to set those Cookies. By giving your consent to the placing of Cookies you are enabling Us to provide the best possible experience and service to you. You may, if you wish, deny consent to the placing of Cookies; however certain features of Our Sites may not function fully or as intended. You will be given the opportunity to allow only first party Cookies and block third party Cookies. Once you agree, the file is added and the cookie helps analyse web traffic or lets you know when you visit a particular site. Cookies allow web applications to respond to you as an individual. The web application can tailor its operations to your needs, likes and dislikes by gathering and remembering information about your preferences.
Certain features of Our Sites depend on Cookies to function. We use traffic log cookies to identify which pages are being used. This helps us analyse data about web page traffic and improve our website in order to tailor it to customer needs. We only use this information for statistical analysis purposes and then the data is removed from the system. Overall, cookies help us provide you with a better website, by enabling us to monitor which pages you find useful and which you do not. A cookie, in no way, gives us access to your computer or any information about you, other than the data you choose to share with us. You can choose to accept or decline cookies. Most web browsers automatically accept cookies, but you can usually modify your browser setting to decline cookies if you prefer. This may prevent you from taking full advantage of the website. Our sites may contain links to other websites of interest. However, once you have used these links to leave our site, you should note that we do not have any control over that other website. Therefore, we cannot be responsible for the protection and privacy of any information which you provide whilst visiting such sites and such sites are not governed by this privacy statement. You should exercise caution and look at the privacy statement applicable to the website in question. UK DP Act and EU Cookie Law deems these Cookies to be "strictly necessary". Your consent will not be sought to place these Cookies. You may still block these Cookies by changing your internet browser's settings as detailed below, but please be aware that Our Sites may not work as intended if you do so. We have taken great care to ensure that your privacy is not at risk by allowing them.
Cookies can be classified into the following categories:
First-party cookies - these are issued from the website you have accessed. These cookies often serve to give memory to the website about your data and preferences.
Session cookies - these are used during a browser session. They may be used for a variety of purposes such as remembering what you have put in your shopping basket as you browse our website. These session cookies will expire after a browser session.
Third-party cookies - these are cookies that are set by a website other than the one you are on. If you visit a website and a separate company sets a cookie through that website this would be a third-party cookie.
Persistent cookies - these are stored on a device in between browser sessions which allows your preferences or actions across our website (or in some cases across different websites) to be remembered. Persistent cookies may be used for a variety of purposes including remembering users' preferences and choices when using a site or to target advertising..
Use of Addresses and Web Logs
We may also use your IP address and browser type to help diagnose problems with our server, to administer our Website and to improve the service we offer to you. An IP address is a numeric code that identifies your computer on the internet. Your IP address might also be used to gather broad demographic information.
HTML Email Web Beacons, Drip, Mailchimp, Facebook, Twitter
Our emails may contain a single, campaign-unique "web beacon pixel" to tell us whether our emails are opened and verify any clicks through to links within the email. We may use this information for purposes including determining which of our emails are more interesting to you, to query whether users who do not open our emails wish to continue receiving them. The pixel will be deleted when you delete the email. If you do not wish the pixel to be downloaded to your device, you should select to receive emails from us in plain text rather than HTML.
Similar technologies
Technologies that store information in your browser or device utilizing local shared objects or local storage, such as flash cookies, HTML 5 cookies, and other web application software methods. These technologies can operate across all of your browsers, and in some instances may not be fully managed by your browser and may require management directly through your installed applications or device. We do not use these technologies for storing information to target advertising to you on or off our sites.
Our Sites uses analytics Services provided by Google Analytics, Google Adwords, Hello Bar, Logic Spot, Magento. Website analytics refers to a set of tools used to collect and analyse usage statistics, enabling Us to better understand how people use Our Site. This, in turn, enables Us to improve Our Sites and the products and Services offered through it. You do not have to allow Us to use these Cookies, as detailed below, however whilst Our use of them does not pose any risk to your privacy or your safe use of Our Site, it does enable Us to continually improve Our Site, making it a better and more useful experience for you.
The analytics service(s) used by Our Sites use(s) Cookies to gather the required information. Certain of these Cookies may be placed immediately when you first visit Our Sites and it may not be possible for Us to obtain your prior consent. You may remove these Cookies and prevent future use of them by following the steps set out below.
The analytics service(s) used by Our Sites use(s) the following Cookies: Google Analytics cookies determine the number of unique visitors to our Website, provide consistent experiences for our users, and optimise web usage. Google Analytics cookies may differ from our own Website cookies in the duration for which they collect information.
You can choose to enable or disable Cookies in your internet browser. Most internet browsers also enable you to choose whether you wish to disable all cookies or only third-party cookies. By default, most internet browsers accept Cookies but this can be changed. For further details, please consult the help menu in your internet browser or the documentation that came with your device.
You can choose to delete Cookies at any time however you may lose any information that enables you to access Our Sites more quickly and efficiently including, but not limited to, login and personalisation settings.
It is recommended that you keep your internet browser and operating system up-to-date and that you consult the help and guidance provided by the developer of your internet browser and manufacturer of your computer or device if you are unsure about adjusting your privacy settings.
Summary of Your Rights under GDPR
Under the GDPR, you have:
The right to request access to, deletion of or correction of, your personal data held by Us;
The right to complain to a supervisory authority;
To be informed of what data processing is taking place;
The right to restrict processing;
The right to data portability;
To object to processing of your personal data;
The rights with respect to automated decision-making and profiling (see section 16 below).
To enforce any of the foregoing rights or if you have any other questions about Our Sites or this Privacy Policy, please contact Us using the details set out below.
Automated Decision-Making and Profiling
In the event that we use personal data for the purposes of automated decision-making and those decisions have a legal (or similarly significant effect) on You, You have the right to challenge such decisions under GDPR, requesting human intervention, expressing their own point of view, and obtaining an explanation of the decision from Us.
The right described in above does not apply in the following circumstances:
The decision is necessary for the entry into, or performance of, a contract between You and Us;
The decision is authorised by law; or You have given you explicit consent.
Where We use your personal data for profiling purposes, the following shall apply:
Clear information explaining the profiling will be provided, including its significance and the likely consequences; Appropriate mathematical or statistical procedures will be used;
Technical and organisational measures necessary to minimise the risk of errors and to enable such errors to be easily corrected shall be implemented; and
All personal data processed for profiling purposes shall be secured in order to prevent discriminatory effects arising out of profiling.\
We currently make the following automated decisions:
Product Replenishment
Back In-Stock Alert/notification
Account Related Notifications
Transactional Notifications
Order Confirmation
Order Dispatch
Order Status
Abandoned Cart
Friend Referral
Credit Memo
We currently profile your personal data for the following purposes:
For functionality
For Performance, For the best customer experience
To manage any issues during order fulfilment.
To comply with our legal obligations
Contacting Us
If you have any questions about Our Sites or this Privacy Policy, please contact Us by email at support@healthdirectusa.com, by telephone at 1-800-520-3772 or 1-949-825-5370, or by mailto Health Direct, 16750 Hale Ave, Irvine, CA 92606. Please ensure that your query is clear, particularly if it is a request for information about the data We hold about you.
Changes to Our Privacy Policy
We may change this Privacy Policy as we may deem necessary from time to time, or as may be required by law. Any changes will be immediately posted on Our Sites and you will be deemed to have accepted the terms of the Privacy Policy on your first use of Our Sites following the alterations. We recommend that you check this page regularly to keep up-to-date.