http://www.therafoot.com/privacy-policy/
Wholesale Login
FREE Flat Rate Shipping on Orders $65+
Gift Certificates
Find a Retailer
Log In
Home
Privacy Policy
Customer Service
+
-
About
Contact Us
Find a Retailer
Returns and Exchanges
Shipping
Payment and Security
Warranty
Gift Cards
Tell Us How We’re Doing
Product Feedback
Wholesale
Affiliate
Resources
+
-
Educational Resources
The Therafirm Advantage
How to Measure
Putting on Your Compression
Care Instructions
FAQ
Press
Blog
Newsletter
Careers
Knit-Rite Privacy Policy
Last Updated October 31, 2020
This Privacy Policy explains how Knit-Rite, Inc. (“Knit-Rite,” “we,” “our,” or “us”) collects, uses, discloses, and otherwise processes information about you related to your access or use of www.therafirm.com; www.knitrite.com; www.smartknit.com; www.smartknitkids.com; www.preggers.com; knitritedirect.com and other sites or applications, including mobile applications, owned and operated by Knit-Rite (each individually a “Site” and collectivelythe ”Sites”).
Your use of the Sites, including any dispute concerning privacy, is subject to this Privacy Policy and each Site’s applicable terms and conditions and any other policies on the applicable Site (collectively the “Terms”). We reserve the right to modify this Privacy Policy at any time.  If we make changes to this policy, we will notify you by revising the date at the top of the policy and, in some cases, we may provide you with additional notice (such as adding a statement to a Site’s homepage or sending you a notification).
Section I - What Does This Privacy Policy Cover?
This policy applies to information we collect:
On the Sites.
In email, text, and other electronic messages between you and the Sites.
Offline.
It does not apply to information collected by any third party, including through any application or content (including advertising) hosted by a third party that may link to or be accessible from the Sites except to the extent such information is actually provided to us.
Please read this policy carefully to understand our policies and practices regarding your information and how we will treat it. If you do not agree with our policies and practices, your choice is not to use our Sites. By accessing or using the Sites, you agree to this Privacy Policy. This Privacy Policy may change from time to time as noted above. Your continued use of a Site after we make changes is deemed to be acceptance of those changes, so please check the policy periodically for updates.
Section II - What Data We Collect
Our Sites collect various information about you, including information that identifies, relates to, describes, is reasonably capable of being associated with, or could reasonably be linked, directly or indirectly, with a particular consumer or household. In particular, the Sites may have collected the following categories of information from consumers within the last 12 months:
Category
Examples
(A) Identifiers
A real name, alias, postal address, unique personal identifier, online identifier, Internet Protocol address, email address, account name, or other similar identifiers.
(B) Personally identifiable information
A name, signature, address, year or month of birth, household information, telephone number, email address, credit card number, debit card number, or any other financial account information.
Some information included in this category may overlap with other categories.
(C) Commercial information
Records of personal property, products or services purchased, obtained, or considered, or other purchasing or consuming histories or tendencies.
(D) Internet or other similar network activity
Browsing history, search history, information on a consumer's interaction with a website, application, or advertisement.
(E) Certain Sensitive Information
Birthday, pregnancy due date, and medical preferences information.
(F) Inferences drawn from other personal information
Profile reflecting a person’s preferences, characteristics, psychological trends, predispositions, behavior, attitudes, intelligence, abilities, and aptitudes.
Knit-Rite obtains the categories of information listed in the table above from the following categories of sources:
Direct interactions. You may share with us some identifiers or personally identifiable information by filling in forms or by corresponding with us by post, phone, email or otherwise. This includes personal data you provide when you:
inquire about our products or services;
apply for a job opening;
request marketing to be sent to you;
enter a competition, promotion or survey;
interact with our sales team or place an order (including through Salesforce or other third party tools used by our team); or
give us some feedback.
Automated technologies or interactions. As you interact with our Sites, we may automatically collect Internet or other similar network activity about your equipment, browsing actions and patterns. We collect this personal data by using cookies, server logs and other similar technologies. Please learn more about the cookies we use and about setting your preferences in Section VI - Cookies & Tracking below.
Third parties or publicly available sources. We may receive analytics and advertising data about you from the sources listed below, as well as, public sources. Please use the following links for more information about how these sources use data when you visit their websites or apps:
Facebook – https://www.facebook.com/about/privacy
Google – google.com/policies/privacy/partners/
LinkedIn – linkedin.com/legal/privacy-policy
Instagram – https://help.instagram.com/519522125107875/
Social Media Widgets. Some of the Sites may include social media features, such as the Facebook Like button, links to our various social media pages and widgets, such as the “share this button” that run on the Sites. These features may collect your IP address, which pages you are visiting on the Sites, and may set a cookie to enable said feature to function properly. Your interactions with these features are governed by the privacy policy of the company it links to.
Blog. Some of the Sites offer publicly accessible blogs. You should be aware that any information you provide in these areas may be read, collected, and used by others who access the blog.
Knit-Rite does not collect information through the Sites that consists of:
Sensitive personal information, other than as describe in Category E above, such as social security numbers, driver’s license numbers, or other similar non-financial information.
Protected classification characteristics such as race, color, ancestry, national origin, or similar immutable characteristics.
Geolocation information about your precise location.
Biometric information such as genetic, physiological, behavioral, and biological characteristics.
Sensory data such as audio, electronic, visual, thermal, olfactory, or similar information.
Professional or employment-related information from consumers other than applicants, employees, business owners, directors, officers, medical staff, or contractors of Knit-Rite.
Non-public education information.
Please note that your personal information does not include (A) publicly available information from government records or (B) deidentified or aggregated consumer information. Note that we may also collect, use and share aggregated data such as statistical or demographic data for any purpose. Aggregated data may be derived from your personal data when it does not directly or indirectly reveal your identity. For example, we may aggregate certain data to calculate the percentage of users accessing a specific website feature. However, if we combine or connect such data with your personal data so that it can directly or indirectly identify you, we treat the combined data as personal data which will be used in accordance with this privacy policy.
Section III - How We Use Data
Knit-Rite uses data collected to:
To process purchases, transactions, and payments;
To fulfill or meet the reason you provided the information;
Assess your needs to determine suitable products;
Respond to customer service requests;
Respond to your questions and concerns;
Administer your account with Knit-Rite;
Manage and communicate with you regarding your Knit-Rite account, if you have one, including by sending you product announcements, order information, and support and administrative messages;
Operate, maintain, administer, improve, and secure the Sites;
Gather product feedback through reviews;
Offer surveys and contests to you;
Send you newsletters and other marketing communications;
Improve the Sites and our general marketing efforts;
Conduct research and analysis;
Analyze trends and track user movement and gather broad demographic information; and
Study how the Sites are used and to improve the Sites and our other products and services.
To comply with law. We use your personal information as we believe necessary or appropriate to comply with applicable laws, lawful requests and legal process, such as to respond to subpoenas or requests from government authorities.
For compliance, fraud prevention and safety. We use your personal information as we believe necessary or appropriate to (a) enforce the terms and conditions that govern the Service; (b) protect our rights, privacy, safety or property, and/or that of you or others; (c) protect, investigate and deter against fraudulent, harmful, unauthorized, unethical or illegal activity; and (d) deter and attempt to mitigate threats to the safety, security, or integrity of the Sites.
Section IV - How We Share Data
Except as described in this Privacy Policy, we do not share the personal information that you provide to us with other organizations. We disclose personal information to third parties under the following circumstances:
Marketing & Affiliates. We may disclose your personal information to 3rd party affiliates for purposes consistent with this Privacy Policy including contests or promotions. We will get your express opt-in consent before we share your personal data with any company outside Knit-Rite for such third party’s marketing purposes.
Service Providers. We may employ third party companies and individuals to administer and provide services on our behalf (such as customer support, hosting, email delivery and database management services) as well as with third parties that support our business operations or provide marketing or advertising services on our behalf, including marketing, technical, accounting, or other services. These third parties may use your information only as directed by Knit-Rite and in a manner consistent with this Privacy Policy, and are prohibited from using or disclosing your information for any other purpose.
Professional advisors. We may disclose your personal information to professional advisors, such as lawyers, bankers, auditors and insurers, in the course of the professional services that they render to us.
Compliance with Laws and Law Enforcement; Protection and Safety. Knit-Rite may disclose information about you to government or law enforcement officials or private parties as required by law, and disclose and use such information as we believe necessary or appropriate to (a) comply with applicable laws and lawful requests and legal process, such as to respond to subpoenas or requests from government authorities; (b) enforce the terms and conditions that govern the Service; (d) protect our rights, privacy, safety or property, and/or that of you or others; and (e) protect, investigate and deter against fraudulent, harmful, unauthorized, unethical or illegal activity.
Business Transfers. Knit-Rite may sell, transfer or otherwise share some or all of its business or assets, including your personal information, in connection with a business deal (or potential business deal) such as a merger, consolidation, acquisition, reorganization or sale of assets or in the event of bankruptcy, in which case we will make reasonable efforts to require the recipient to honor this Privacy Policy.
We may also share any data as otherwise required or permitted by law or approved by you. We may use your information for our general business operations and goods and services provided by us if it is in a form that is not capable of being personally identified with you (including hashed email addresses as described below or other persistent identifiers) or if it is combined with information from one or more other customers in aggregate form that does not personally identify any particular customer.  We may also sell, license or otherwise provide such de-identified or aggregated data to third parties.
Section V - Cookies & Tracking
Cookies.  We may collect information using “cookies.” Cookies are small data files stored on the hard drive of your computer or mobile device by a website. We may use both session cookies (which expire once you close your web browser) and persistent cookies (which stay on your computer or mobile device until you delete them). We may utilize cookies to provide you with a more personal and interactive experience on our Site, gather analytics about the traffic that visits our Sites and how users use our Sites all of which is used for marketing purposes.
You can set your browser to refuse all or some browser cookies, or to alert you when websites set or access cookies. If you disable or refuse cookies, please note that some parts of the Sites may become inaccessible or not function properly.
You can typically remove or reject cookies via your browser settings. In order to do this, follow the instructions provided by your browser (usually located within the “settings,” “help” “tools” or “edit” facility). Many browsers are set to accept cookies until you change your settings.
Further information about cookies, including how to see what cookies have been set on your computer or mobile device and how to manage and delete them, visit www.allaboutcookies.org.
We may choose to use a certain type of cookie to track your browsing habits and gives us the ability to show relevant ads to you. You can disable certain cookies which remember your browsing habits and target advertising at you by visiting:
Network Advertising Initiative (NAI) Consumer Opt-Out Page
Digital Advertising Alliance (DAA) WebChoices
Digital Advertising Alliance of Canada (DAAC) Consumer Choice (for Canadian users)
European Interactive Digital Advertising Alliance (EDAA) Choice (for EU users)
Pixel tags.  We may also use pixel tags (which are also known as web beacons and clear GIFs) on our Sites to track the actions of users on our Sites. Unlike cookies, which are stored on the hard drive of your computer or mobile device by a website, pixel tags are embedded invisibly on webpages. Pixel tags measure the success of our marketing campaigns and compile statistics about usage of the Sites, so that we can manage our content more effectively. The information we collect using pixel tags is not linked to our users’ personal data.
Section VI - Your California Privacy Rights
If you reside in California, you have the right to ask us one time each year if we have shared personal information with third parties for their direct marketing purposes. To make a request, please contact us at privacypolicy@knitrite.com. Indicate in your email or letter that you are a California resident making a "California Shine the Light" inquiry.
If you reside in California, you also have the following rights:
You have the right to opt-out of Knit-Rite’s sale of your personal information to third parties.
You have the right to request the deletion of your personal information, subject to certain exceptions.
You have the right to request us to disclose to you, no more than twice in a 12-month period, the personal information about you that Knit-Rite collects, uses, discloses, and sells during the preceding 12 months, which shall include as follows:
o   The categories of personal information that we've collected and sold about you, or shared for a business purpose with our service providers.
o   The sources from which we collected such information.
o   The third parties with whom we've shared that personal information and to whom we've sold that personal information.
o   The business or commercial purpose for collecting or selling that personal information.
o   The specific pieces of personal information we've collected about you.
We will not discriminate against you because you exercised your rights under this section of the Privacy Policy.
To learn more about submitting a request under this section of this Privacy Policy, please contact us at privacypolicy@knitrite.com.
Section VII - Your Rights & Choices.
You have the right to request that Knit-Rite not contact you or use your Personal Information for purposes which are not reasonably necessary for the administration of our Sites and any services. If you wish to exercise this optout right or to terminate your account, please contact us at privacypolicy@knitrite.com.
Where required under applicable law, we will only send you marketing communications with your consent. When you receive marketing communications from us, you may indicate a preference to stop receiving further communications from us, and you will have the opportunity to “opt-out” by following the unsubscribe instructions provided in the communication you receive, or by contacting us at privacypolicy@knitrite.com.
Please note that you cannot unsubscribe from certain correspondence from us regarding our services we provide to you, including messages relating to your account, unless you stop using all such services. In addition, certain information may be required in order to use our Sites; as such, the only practicable method to opt out of providing information in connection with the use of the Sites would be to refrain from subscribing to or using those Sites and any related services. If you have any questions about this Privacy Policy or our privacy practices please feel free to contact us at privacypolicy@knitrite.com.
Section VIII - Opting Out
Newsletter & Marketing. Knit-Rite will periodically send you email advertisements regarding the products offered. Knit-Rite will not send you marketing messages if you have opted out. You may choose not to receive messages in the future by following the “unsubscribe” instructions located near the bottom of each email or by contacting us at privacypolicy@knitrite.com.
Transactional E-mails. Knit-Rite provides certain e-mails related to order transactions including order confirmations, shipping confirmations, and shipment tracking information. Please note that you cannot unsubscribe from certain correspondence from us regarding our services to you, including messages relating to your account, unless you stop using such services in their entirety. In addition, certain information may be required in order to use our Sites; as such, the only practicable method to opt out of providing information in connection with the use of those Sites would be to refrain from subscribing to or using those Sites. In addition, certain messages may be required by law and which you cannot unsubscribe.
Mailing List. We may occasionally contact you about our products and services, including, but not limited to, such things as new product announcements, product information, and newsletters. If you prefer not to receive such correspondence, simply email us at privacypolicy@knitrite.com.
Section IX – Data Security Disclaimer
Unless required by law, we do not provide any guarantee or warranty by us that your information will not be accessed or compromised by third parties, or that we will use all available security technologies to prevent unauthorized access to, use, or disclosure of your personally identifying information; or that your information will be transmitted without unauthorized interception or modification.  We may permanently delete or destroy any and all information at any time as determined by us.
Section X – Transfer of Information to The United States
The Sites are based in the United States, and are directed to U.S. residents, and we process and store information in the U.S.If you are located outside the U.S., we and our service providers may transfer your information to, or store or access to your information in, jurisdictions that may not provide equivalent levels of data protection as your home jurisdiction.
Section XI - Children’s Personal Information
The Sites are general audience sites and are not directed to children under the age of 13. Knit-Rite respects the privacy of parents and children and is committed to complying with the Children’s Online Privacy Protection Act and applicable state law. If a parent believes that his or her child has submitted personal information to Knit-Rite, he or she can contact us via email or postal mail as listed below. Knit-Rite will promptly delete all identifying information upon learning that it relates to a child under the age of 13.
Section XII - Contact Information
If you have any questions, concerns or complaints about this Privacy Policy, Knit-Rite’s practices or Knit-Rite’s services, you may contact: Knit-Rite, Inc, 120 Osage Avenue, Kansas City, Kansas 66105, or email us at privacypolicy@knitrite.com.
×
OK
Email Format
html
text
NO THANK YOU