http://www.kelleyskookies.com/policies/privacy-policy
Search
close (esc)
Close menu
Home
Cookies
Gifts
Business Gifts
eGift Cards
FAQ
Log in
Create account
Contact Us
Find a Store
Search
Facebook
Instagram
Close cart
Home
Cookies
Gifts
Business Gifts
eGift Cards
FAQ
Privacy policy
Privacy & Security
Kelley’s Kookies take your privacy seriously.  We will not rent or sell your name, address, email address, credit card information or personal information to any third party without your permission. However, we must cooperate fully should a situation arise where we are required by law or legal process to provide information about a customer.
Information We Collect
In order to provide you with exceptional customer service, at times we need to collect some personal information.  Therefore:
If you choose to become a Member, we collect the following information about you: name, address, phone number, email address, username, password, birth date. We also collect the names, addresses, and phone numbers of those persons whom you add to your personal address book as a Member, which is only accessible by using the Member's log-in information. We use the information you supply for the purpose of providing the services you have requested. In addition, Kelley’s Kookies.com may from time-to-time contact you via email or regular mail, unless you opt-out by following the instructions in the "opting out" section of this policy.
If you shop with us via Kelleyskookies.com, we collect the following information about you: name, address, phone number, email address, billing information including credit card number and expiration date as well as the names, addresses and phone numbers of gift recipients (if any). We use your name, address, phone number, billing information/credit card information to process your order or otherwise described in this privacy policy. The email address you provide is used for internal purposes, such as confirming and tracking your order or otherwise as described in this privacy policy. We may also contact you via email or regular mail from time-to-time to keep you up-to-date on the latest Kelleyskookies.com news or to send you our latest catalog. Additionally, gift recipients may, from time to time, receive our latest catalog as well as offers from us regarding new products and services that we think may be of interest to them.
Opting Out
If you would like to opt out of receiving mailings from Kelley’s Kookies or our third parties, please follow the instructions listed below. Additionally, gift recipients may, from time to time, receive our latest catalog as well as offers from us regarding new products and services that we think may be of interest to them. We allow gift recipients the option to opt out of receiving future marketing related mailings from us
If you would rather not receive marketing emails or mail order catalogs from us, please opt out by emailing info@kelleyskookies.com with your name, address, phone number, email address.
Use of Cookies
In addition, Kelley's Kookies or third parties may place cookies in your browser for targeted advertising purposes. These may be used to track your IP address, website activity, and may include other cookie identifiers. This data may be used by third parties to show you targeted advertising on other websites based on your activity. You can learn more about opting out of targeted advertising by visiting www.aboutads.info and networkadvertising.org/choices.
choosing a selection results in a full page refresh