http://www.banned.com/pages/legal
Skip to content
Just added to your cart
Qty:
View cart ()
Continue shopping
Submit
Close search
Privacy & Legal
BANNED® Unsolicited Submissions PolicyWe are always stoked to hear your thoughts about BANNED and our products. Unfortunately, because there are too many lawyers in the world, we cant accept or consider creative ideas that we have not specifically requested from you. While we absolutely want to know what you think about BANNED and our products, please do not submit any creative ideas, suggestions, or other materials (unless we specifically ask you for them). If you do send us unsolicited creative suggestions, ideas, notes, drawings, concepts, or other information, we will consider these works our property and we cant be responsible (more lawyer blah, blah, blah) for their use or disclosure and we will exclusively own all rights to the materials for any purpose without payment to you or any other person or entity.Terms of AgreementPRIVACY POLICY, DISCLAIMER, COPYRIGHTS, AND TERMS OF SERVICE for BANNED.COM MEMBERSHIPACCEPTANCE OF THESE TERMS AND CONDITIONSBANNED.COM is a FREE site and by using this site, you agree to the terms and conditions outlined below. If you do not agree to these terms and conditions, please do not use this site.We reserve the right to change, modify, add or remove portions of these terms at any time, whenever we want. If you continue to use the site after we have posted changes to the terms, it means you have accepted those terms. If you need to contact us, please e-mail us.The following are the terms and conditions for use of the BANNED.COM, (aka: BANNED®Apparel) service including without limitation e-mail, community participation and other services which may be offered from time to time by BANNED.COM for use with your BANNED.COM account member name (each feature individually and collectively referred to as the "Service"). Please read them carefully. This Service is provided to individuals who are 19 years of age and older or minors who are 14 years of age and older and have parental permission to open and maintain a membership.The Service is offered to you conditioned on your acceptance without modification of the terms, conditions, and notices contained herein.PRIVACY POLICYSafeguarding your privacy is serious business. Please take a minute to read the following policy so that you understand how we treat your personal information. As we update and expand our services, this policy might change, so please review it periodically. If you have questions about our privacy policy, please e-mail us at Banned Contact. If you sign up to be a BANNED.COM Member or use any of BANNED.COM's services, you agree to these terms.What personally identifying information about me is collected and who collects it? Personally identifying information, or personal information, includes your name, birthdate, gender, country, state/prov., city, e-mail address, or any other information that tells another person who you are. This allows for better interaction and participation in the BANNED.COM community. This information helps create your BANNED.COM member identity and allows you to be recognized better for your uploaded contributions to the BANNED.COM community.This is our policy regarding this information: Except as provided in this statement, BANNED.COM will not disclose, sell or rent any of the registration information you provide without giving you notice and an opportunity to refuse disclosure. We make an effort to include a link to this Privacy Policy wherever we ask you for personal information. We also collect information about your e-mail usage. This allows us to prevent misuse of our e-mail services (i.e. spamming) and monitor email account size limits.You should be aware that our advertisers or Web sites that have links on our site may collect personally identifiable information about you. This privacy statement does not address the information practices of those Web sites or advertisers.Please Note: Whenever you voluntarily disclose personal information on message boards, in e-mails, guestbook or in chat areas, that information can be collected and used by others. If you post personal information in public places, others may send you unsolicited e-mail messages. Always be cautious about the information you provide online. Your member name and thus your email address will always be made visible as you participate in BANNED.COM, act responsibly.What are cookies and how does BANNED.COM use them? In our effort to provide you services customized to your interests, we use cookies to keep and sometimes track information about you. A cookie is a small piece of data that is sent to your browser from a Web server and stored on your computer's hard drive. We use cookies to: access your account information (stored on our computers) in order to deliver better and more personalized services; estimate our audience size for our advertisers; and identify which areas of our site you have visited.You should also be aware that companies that advertise on our site may use their own cookies. This privacy policy does not cover how these companies use their cookies.How is my personal information used? Our primary goal in gathering your personal information is to allow a more enriched and informative community environment to participate in. When you view, search and upload content, more information about who, what, where, when and why is better than less. Currently we do not customize the content you see based on any information you have provided, but we eventually intend to do so. Essentially, we will compare your profile with other member profiles and, based on their interests, we will make predictions about your interests. Based on these predictions, you may see specialized content, including advertising banners. Advertisers will never have direct access to any of your personal identification information.In addition, we will send you e-mail notices about products, companies, and events that we think might interest you. If you do not want to receive these messages, simply tell us that when you give us your personal information.We may also match information obtained from cookies with data provided by you. This allows us to analyze this data both in the aggregate (for example, one-tenth of our users ride banned boards) and in connection with individual users. This information lets us tailor our services to your interests. We also provide the analysis of our users (as a group) to prospective partners, advertisers, and other third parties. We do this so that our advertisers and us understand your needs and interests better, which allows us keep bringing you cool stuff free of charge.Finally, we may disclose user information when we are required to by law, or when we have reason to believe that someone is causing injury to or interference with our rights or property, other BANNED.COM users, or anyone else that could be harmed by such activities.How does BANNED.COM protect my information? We make every effort to ensure that your information is secure on our system. Unfortunately, no data transmission over the Internet can be guaranteed to be 100% secure. As a result, we cannot guarantee the security of any information you transmit to us, and you do so at your own risk.COPYRIGHT AND TRADEMARKSBANNED® Factory Retail Stores (tm) , and BANNED® APPAREL are registered domestic and international Trademarks, and all rights reserved.Any unauthorized use of the name BANNED, in apparel and accessories, or any use of the name BANNED for Retail Stores, here in North America or as far as Mali, Timbuktu, is a breach and subject to the laws of California, United States of America. ( consult your attorney).All images, logos, graphics, audio clips, video clips, text and other materials provided on this Web site are protected by copyrights owned or controlled by BANNED® and BANNED.COM, its vendors, suppliers factory official websites, and licensors. None of the material provided on this Web site may be reproduced, copied, downloaded, uploaded, displayed, posted, distributed, reproduced or transmitted in any manner other than for personal use without the prior written consent of BANNED.COM. All trademarks, service marks, company names and logos ("Trademarks") used on this Web site are the property of BANNED.COM or their respective owners. Nothing contained herein grants any right to the use of any Trademark used on this Web site without the written permission of BANNED.COM or the Trademark's owner.LINKED SITES BANNED.COM is not responsible for the content of any Web site that is or may be linked to this Web site.DISCLAIMERS The moves and stunts found through BANNED.COM should only be attempted by those with proper training and equipment. Snowboarding and skate are potentially a hazardous activity. ALWAYS use your common sense when using your equipment. To minimize the chance of injury, stay within your abilities and ALWAYS wear appropriate protective equipment.INAPPROPRIATE MATERIAL BANNED.COM content such as but not limited to articles, text, photos, videos have been uploaded directly by users without our review. WE DO NOT REVIEW ANY MATERIAL BEFORE IT IS PUBLISHED.PLEASE BE A CONTRIBUTOR, SEND US DETAILED INFORMATION of any information about offensive material, and we will do our best to remove it. As a result you may find offensive and objectionable material and material not suited for your age. This will in most cases be caused by a misbehaving user uploading the said content. We have no control over what user upload but as soon as we are aware of it we will remove. You are agreeing that you understand this. We provide the ability whenever user content is being displayed for you to notify us that you think the material is inappropriate. You can do this by send us an E-mail. You agree in return to use reasonable common sense and not upload inappropriate material. If in doubt don't upload it.BANNED.COM provides this Web site "as is" and makes no warranties or representations of any kind, either expressed or implied. To the fullest extent permitted by applicable law, BANNED.COM disclaims all such warranties and representations, including, but not limited to, warranties of merchantability and fitness for a particular purpose. BANNED.COM does not warrant that the material contained in this Web site is accurate, complete or current. BANNED.COM does not warrant that this Web site is free of defects, viruses or other harmful components.BANNED.COM Services and Conditions of UseThese "Terms & Conditions of Use" govern the use of the BANNED.COM Web site (www.BANNED.COM), hereafter referred to as the "Site." The Site provides information and goods and you agree to use the Site in a manner consistent with all applicable local, state, and federal laws and regulations and in accordance with the Terms & Conditions of Use discussed herein.BANNED.COM reserves the right to edit or delete any content displayed, uploaded to, distributed, or otherwise published through the Site.If BANNED.COM becomes aware of the presence of material on its server that violates any other right of any party, either in the course of its ordinary and reasonable business activities, or through notification by a third party who alerts BANNED.COM, preferably by certified mail, of the specific location of the alleged presence of such materials, BANNED.COM will contact the user responsible for the material and alert him or her of the allegations and notify the person that within five days he or she must respond as to why the material does not violate the rights in question. Regardless of whether the user responds, BANNED.COM reserves the right to remove the user provided content.Appropriate Online Conduct and ContentAnytime, with the exception of private e-mail, you upload to, distribute content, or publish through us, you grant us the right to edit, copy, remove, distribute, create derivative works from and publish such content in any form and medium, whether electronically or in hard copy and whether alone or as part of a collective work. You shall retain, however, whatever other rights you have in pre-owned elements of such content.All areas on the Service are public and not private communications. Chats, postings, conferences, and other communications by users are not endorsed by us and such communications shall not be considered reviewed, screened or approved by us.You are entirely responsible and liable for all of your activities on BANNED.COM. Listed below are some, but not all, violations that may result in termination of your access to the site. By using this site, you agree not to do any of the following:1. Post, transmit, promote, or distribute content that is illegal.2. Harass, threaten, embarrass, or do anything else to another user that is unwanted. This means: do not say bad things about them, don't keep sending them unwanted messages, don't attack their race, heritage, gender etc.3. Transmit or facilitate distribution of content that is libelous, harmful, threatening, harassing, abusive, racially or ethnically offensive, vulgar, sexually explicit, obscene, defamatory, or objectionable in a reasonable person's view.4. Disrupt the flow of chat areas with vulgar language, abusiveness, or other conduct that may disrupt normal activities.5. Pretend to be anyone whom you are not. You may not impersonate another user, a BANNED.COM.com staff member, or anyone else.6. Post any unsolicited advertising, promotional materials, or any other forms of solicitation. We reserve the right to remove content at any time, including any content that violates these standards. We are not responsible for any objectionable material you may encounter while using the Site.MODIFICATIONS TO TERMS OF SERVICE, MEMBER POLICIESBANNED.COM reserves the right to change the TOS or policies regarding the use of the Service at any time and to notify you by posting an updated version of the TOS on this Web site. You are responsible for regularly reviewing the TOS. Continued use of the Service after any such changes shall constitute your consent to such changes.COPYRIGHT COMPLAINTS AND TRADEMARKAgent BANNED.COM respects the intellectual property of others, and we ask you to do the same. If we or any of our free lance, volunteers have made any unintended error, transgressions, please inform us. We will rectify, repair, correct In order to protect the intellectual property of people from misuse we ask you to help us. If you believe that your work has been copied in a way that constitutes copyright infringement and is accessible on the BANNED.COM site, please provide BANNED.COM's Copyright Agent the following information:1. An electronic or physical signature of the owner of the copyright or of the person authorized to act on behalf of the owner of the copyright interest;2. A description of the copyrighted work that you claim has been infringed including the URL (i.e., Internet address) or other specific location on the BANNED.COM site where the material that you claim is infringing is located, including enough information to allow us to locate the material and why you believe an infringement has taken place;3. A description of the location where the original or an authorized copy of the copyrighted work exists, for example the URL (i.e., Internet address) where it is posted or the name of the book in which it has been published;4. Your address, telephone number, and email address;5. A statement by you that you have a good faith belief that the disputed use is not authorized by the copyright owner, its agent, or the law; and6. A statement by you, made under penalty of perjury, that the information in your Notice is accurate and that you are the copyright owner or authorized to act on the copyright owner's behalf.BANNED.COM's Copyright Agent for Notice of claims of copyright infringement can be reached as follows.By mail:BANNED700 E. Redlands Blvd. Suite 292,Redlands, CA 92373BANNED.COM will terminate access to the BANNED.COM site to those who engage in repeated acts of infringement.LIABILITY AND WARRANTY We and anyone who helped us to create, produce, deliver, or maintain the site are not liable for any damages that may result from your use of the site. This includes direct, incidental, consequential, indirect, or punitive damages and attorneys' fees arising from your access to, or use of, the site, including but not limited to challenges or actions for infringement, libel, and slander. Therefore, your use of this site is at your risk only. Further, everything on the site is provided to you "as is," without warranties of any kind, either express or implied, unless such warranties are legally incapable of exclusion. Upon our request, you agree to indemnify and hold us harmless from all liabilities, claims and expenses, including attorneys' fees, that arise from any breach of these terms of service for which you are responsible, or from the use of this service or the transmission of any content through this service. In other words, if you do something that, according to these terms, warrants your termination from the service or expulsion from the site, you must accept full responsibility for anything that happens afterwards.
God bless America
Use left/right arrows to navigate the slideshow or swipe left/right if using a mobile device
Choosing a selection results in a full page refresh.
Press the space key then arrow keys to make a selection.
UA-177370155-1