http://www.flyingtigerssurplus.com/privacy.php
0
Subtotal: $0.00
View Shopping Cart »
$3.99 Ground Shipping!
On all orders!
Terms/Restrictions
708-53NO_SKYPE5-9921
Any Questions?Call a SalesAssociateToday!
Custom PrintedDogTags
IMPAC CARDSWELCOME
CAGE #4K7E2
DUNS #103185872
Join our Specials & Promotions Mailing ListCLICK HERE
Specials & Promotions Sign-Up
First Name
Last Name
Email Address
LIKE US ON FACEBOOK!
Privacy Policy
Protecting your private information is our priority. This Statement of Privacy applies to www.flyingtigerssurplus.com and Flying Tigers Army / Navy Surplus and governs data collection and usage. For the purposes of this Privacy Policy, unless otherwise noted, all references to Flying Tigers Army / Navy Surplus include www.flyingtigerssurplus.com and Flying Tigers Surplus. The
Flying Tigers Surplus website is an ecommerce site. By using the Flying Tigers Surplus website, you consent to the data practices described in this statement.
Collection of your Personal Information
Flying Tigers Surplus may collect personally identifiable information, such as your name. If you purchase Flying Tigers Surplus's products and services, we collect billing and credit card information. This information is used to complete the purchase transaction. We may gather additional personal or non-personal information in the future. Information about your computer hardware and software may be automatically collected by Flying Tigers Surplus. This information can include: your IP address, browser type, domain names, access times and referring website addresses. This information is used for the operation of the service, to maintain quality of the service, and to provide general statistics regarding use of the Flying Tigers Surplus website. Please keep in mind that if you directly disclose personally identifiable information or personally sensitive data through Flying Tigers Surplus's public message boards, this information may be collected and used by others. Flying Tigers Surplus encourages you to review the privacy statements of websites you choose to link to from Flying Tigers Surplus so that you can understand how those websites collect, use and share your information. Flying Tigers Surplus is not responsible for the privacy statements or other content on websites outside of the Flying Tigers Surplus website.
Use of your Personal Information
Flying Tigers Surplus collects and uses your personal information to operate its website(s) and deliver the services you have requested. Flying Tigers Surplus may also use your personally identifiable information to inform you of other products or services available from Flying Tigers Surplus and its affiliates. Flying Tigers Surplus may also contact you via surveys to conduct research about your opinion of current services or of potential new services that may be offered. Flying Tigers Surplus does not sell, rent or lease its customer lists to third parties. Flying Tigers Surplus may share data with trusted partners to help perform statistical analysis, send you email or postal mail, provide customer support, or arrange for deliveries. All such third parties are prohibited from using your personal information except to provide these services to Flying Tigers Surplus, and they are required to maintain the confidentiality of your information. Flying Tigers Surplus may keep track of the pages our users visit within Flying Tigers Surplus, in order to determine what Flying Tigers Surplus services are the most popular. This data is used to deliver customized content and advertising within Flying Tigers Surplus to customers whose behavior indicates that they are interested in a particular subject area. Flying Tigers Surplus will disclose your personal information, without notice, only if required to do so by law or in the good faith belief that such action is necessary to: (a) conform to the edicts of the law or comply with legal process served on Flying Tigers Surplus or the site; (b) protect and defend the rights or property of Flying Tigers Surplus; and, (c) act under exigent circumstances to protect the personal safety of users of Flying Tigers Surplus, or the public.
Security of your Personal Information
Credit card information is never stored on our system, only authorization and transaction codes supplied by our payment gateway upon approval of a credit card transaction are stored. To secure your personal information from unauthorized access, use or disclosure, Flying Tigers Surplus uses the following:
2048bit GeoTrust SSL (Secure Sockets Layer Protocol)
Authorize.Net (Secure payment gateway)
Use of Cookies
The Flying Tigers Surplus website may use "cookies" to help you personalize your online experience. A cookie is a text file that is placed on your hard disk by a web page server. Cookies cannot be used to run programs or deliver viruses to your computer. Cookies are uniquely assigned to you, and can only be read by a web server in the domain that issued the cookie to you. One of the primary purposes of cookies is to provide a convenience feature to save you time. The purpose of a cookie is to tell the Web server that you have returned to a specific page. For example, if you personalize Flying Tigers Surplus pages, or register with Flying Tigers Surplus site or services, a cookie helps Flying Tigers Surplus to recall your specific information on subsequent visits. This allows us to store and recall your shopping cart data and personal settings for our website. When you return to the same Flying Tigers Surplus website, the information you previously provided can be retrieved, so you can easily use the Flying Tigers Surplus features that you customized. You have the ability to accept or decline cookies by disabling the feature in your web browser’s settings.
If you choose to decline cookies, you will not be able to add items to your shopping cart, checkout, or fully experience the interactive features of the Flying Tigers Surplus services or websites you visit.
Children Under Thirteen
Flying Tigers Surplus does not knowingly collect personally identifiable information from children under the age of thirteen. If you are under the age of thirteen, you must ask your parent or guardian for permission to use this website.
Opt-Out & Unsubscribe
We respect your privacy and give you an opportunity to opt-out of receiving announcements of certain information. Users may opt-out of receiving any marketing or newsletter emails by unsubscribing here: Mailing List Unsubscribe Form
(Please note that you must be currently 'Subscribed' in order to 'Unsubscribe'. Also, you do not have the ability to unsubscribe or opt out from order status communications such as order receipts, back order notifications, shipment notifications or other questions that may arise regarding an order you have placed.)
Changes to this Statement
Flying Tigers Surplus will occasionally update this Statement of Privacy to reflect company and customer feedback. Flying Tigers Surplus encourages you to periodically review this Statement to be informed of how Flying Tigers Surplus is protecting your information.
Contact Information
Flying Tigers Surplus welcomes your questions or comments regarding this Statement of Privacy. If you believe that Flying Tigers Surplus has not adhered to this Statement, please contact Flying Tigers Surplus at:
Flying Tigers Army / Navy Surplus
14812 Cicero Ave.
Oak Forest, Illinois 60452
Email Address:
customerservice@flyingtigerssurplus.com
Telephone number:
(708) 535-9921
Effective as of March 30, 2012