http://www.rugsale.com/privacy-policy/
Skip to content
Privacy Policy
Commitment to your privacy
Kaoud Rugs is committed to your right to privacy and takes your privacy seriously. We have very strict privacy policies and we strive to keep your personal information secure.
This Privacy Policy covers Kaoud Rugs’ treatment of personal identifiable information that Kaoud collects when you are on the Kaoud website, and when you use Kaoud to purchase products or services.
We will NEVER sell or rent your name, email address or personal information to any third party.
Only authorized employees may access your information.
All employees are required to adhere to our strict privacy policies and any employee who violates the Privacy Policy is subject to termination and other disciplinary measures, up to and including criminal prosecution for their violation.
Traffic Data and Info
Kaoud Rugs uses a number of internal and third-party methods to recognize visitor data like IP addresses and browser settings.Kaoud Rugs’ servers and the software automatically recognize Visitor Data. No Personally Identifiable Information is revealed in this process. The Site may also use Visitor Data to compile traffic data about the kind and types of visitors who use the Site. Kaoud also use’s the standard cookie feature of major browser applications and third-party providers or employ internally developed cookies and tracking codes that allow Kaoud to store a small piece of data on a visitor’s computer about his or her visit. Kaoud does not capture personally identifiable information in cookies or use cookies to mine personally identifiable information. We may use Traffic Data information to analyze our Site traffic. We may also use Traffic Data to help diagnose problems with our server, to administer our Site, or to display content according to your preferences.
Personal Information
Kaoud Rugs requires each customer to provide us with personal information to make a purchase. The information is captured only when a visitor signs into the system and willingly discloses such information in the checkout page to complete an order.
Opting Out
You may choose not to provide us with any information or you may turn off cookies in your browser by changing its settings. If you do not wish to receive information and/or promotional materials from Kaoud Rugs or from our partners, you may choose to unsubscribe from our mailing list on any one of the promotions or other materials we send.
Data Security
We strive to make certain that our servers and connections use the latest SSL encryption and security devices. Credit card and personal information are transmitted by secure servers and are NOT stored.
Shop Online
Brands
Couristan Rugs
Dalyn Rugs
Feizy Rugs
Harounian Rugs
Kaleen Rugs
Kaoud Rugs
Karastan Rugs
Kas Rugs
Loloi Rugs
Mohawk Rugs
Momeni Rugs
Nourison Rugs
Oriental Weavers
Radici Rugs
Surya Rugs
Trans Ocean Rugs
Colors
Beige
Black
Blue
Brown
Burgundy
Gold
Green
Grey
Ivory & White
Multicolor
Orange
Pink
Purple
Red
Silver
Yellow
Styles
Contemporary
Floral
Geometric
Modern
Outdoor
Shag
Traditional
Transitional
Size Range
Accent Rugs
3X5 – 4X6
5X8 – 6X9
7X9 – 9X12
9X12 & UP
Runners
Round
Rug Cleaning
Carpet
Wall-to-Wall Carpet
Custom Rugs
Flooring
Luxury Vinyl Flooring
Hardwood Flooring
Services
Repairs & Restoration
Rug Cleaning
Sell Us Your Rugs
About Us
About Kaoud Rugs
Contact Us
In The Community
Testimonials
Locations
West Hartford, CT
Manchester, CT
Canton, CT
Holyoke, MA
Login
Login
Username or email address *
Password *
Remember me
Log in
Lost your password?
Register
Email address *
A password will be sent to your email address.
Register