https://www.joescoffeehouse.com/shipping-and-privacy-policy/
google-plus
facebook
flickr
instagram
kickstarter
pinterest
reddit
rss
tumblr
twitter
vimeo
vine
youtube
cart
search
arrow-down-fat
star
close
arrow-right-fat
arrow-left-fat
arrow-left
arrow-right
linkedin
stumble-upon
email
print
lock
plus
Your Cart
(0)
×
You have nothing in your cart.
0 results found for "undefined"
USD
Join
Sign in
×
Home
Shop
Coffee by Roast
Dark Roast
Medium-Dark Roast
Medium Roast
Coffee by Region
African
Jamaican Blue Mountain
Asian & Indonesian
Americas & Caribbean
Gift Baskets
Add ons
Gift Ideas
Subscription Coffee Box
Estate/Single Origin
Jamaican Blue Mountain
Peaberry Coffee
Flavored Coffee
Exclusive Coffee Blends
Organic Coffee
Swiss Water Decaf Coffee
Single Serve Coffee
Low Acid & Half Caf
Fair Trade Coffee
Rain Forest Coffee
Rare & Hard to Find Coffee
Organic Teas
Joe's Favorites
Wicked Jacks
Rum Cakes
Blog
Gift Certificates
Create an Account
Shipping and Privacy Policy
Home
Create an Account
Shipping and Privacy Policy
Shipping and Privacy Policy
Returns & Exchanges
At Joe's Coffee House, we pride ourselves on providing the best customer service. If you are not completely satisfied with your freshly roasted coffee or product, please contact us so we can exchange it for you.
How do I return a package?
You can email customer service at joe@joescoffeehouse.com
Orders should be returned to:
Joe's Coffee House
ATTN: Fulfillment
1831 West Oak Parkway Suite C
Marietta, Ga 30062
What do I do if my order is incomplete, incorrect or damaged?
Please contact customer service  by emailing us at sales@joescoffeehouse.com.
Shipping
Quality and processing times are just a couple of our priorities here at Joe's Coffee House. We are proud to team up with , USPS or FedEx to have your packaged delivered to you.
Privacy Policy
At Joe's Coffee House, we respect your personal information; we will not share this information. Your email will only be used by Joe's Coffee House to let you know about our specials. Although we hate to see you not get any specials and email notifications, we do have an “unsubscribed” option on the bottom of our emails.
Information Collection, Use, and Sharing:At (ENTER COMPANY NAME)l, we have a huge respect for your privacy. Third parties (such as AdRoll) may place cookies on your browser for targeted advertising, analytical and/or measurement purposes. Information collected may include IP addresses, cookie identifiers, website activity and non-tracking technologies
Collection of Data:Our site uses technologies of  third-party to help us recognize your device and understand how you use our site(s) so that we can improve our services to reflect your interests and serve you advertisements about the [products and/or services] that are likely to be of more interest to you. Specifically, these partners collect information about your activity on our site(s) to enable us to:
measure and analyze traffic and browsing activity on our site(s);
show advertisements for our products and/or services to you on third-party sites;
measure and analyze the performance of our advertising campaigns;
Opting-Out Our partners [such as NextRoll] may use non-cookie technologies that may not be impacted by browser settings that block cookies. Your browser may not permit you to block such technologies. For this reason, you can opt out here to decline the collection and use of information for the purpose of serving you interest based advertising.
Here are other ways in which to control your data:
Web Browser: You can opt-out of receiving interest-based ads served by us or on our behalf by clicking on the blue icon that typically appears in the corner of the ads we serve and following the instructions provided.
Cross Device Opt- Out: In some cases, we may link multiple browsers or devices to you. If you opt-out on a browser or device and we have additional devices or browsers linked to you, we will extend your opt-out decision to any other linked browsers and devices. Since we only link users across browsers and devices in certain conditions, there may be cases where you are still being tracked in a different browser or device we have not linked, and where we are treating you as a different user.
Mobile Device Opt-Out:To opt-out of receiving interest-based ads that are based on your behavior across different mobile applications, please follow instructions for iOS and Android devices:
iOS 7 or Higher: Go to your Settings > Select Privacy > Select Advertising > Enable the “Limit Ad Tracking” setting
For Android devices with OS 2.2 or higher and Google Play Services version 4.0 or higher: Open your Google Settings app > Select Ads > Enable “Opt out of interest-based advertising”.
California ResidentsFor California residents, please refer to California Residents section of NextRoll’s Service Privacy Notice. For more information about this disclosure, please see this article.
European ResidentsFor European residents, (ENTER COMPANY NAME) uses NextRoll services to provide Retargeting and/or Prospecting ads to current and potential customers. Any personal data collected may be shared with NextRoll to facilitate these services.
Subscribe to our newsletter