http://www.hydroponic-shop.com/site/privacy-policy.asp
0 items in your basket.
Home
Hydroponics
Grow Media for use in Hydro & Coco Systems
Single Hydroponic Growing Systems
Multiple Hydroponic Growing Systems
Water Reservoirs, Tanks / Butts & Containers
Oxygen Solutions - Pumps, Timers & Parts
Growing Pots & Trays Suitable for Hydro
Hydroponic Gardening Tools & Measuring Devices
Irrigation Fittings & Spares for Autopot / IWS Systems
Nutrients Specifically for Hydroponic Use
Nutrients Specifically for Coco Use
Hydroponic Kits
Plant Nutrients & Additives
Plant Success Range
Plant Specific Range
Plant Health Range
Advanced Nutrients
Atami / Bcuzz / ATA
BioBizz
BioCanna
Bio Green
Canna
CX Horticulture
Dutchpro
Ferro
Growth Technoogy
Guanokalong
House & Garden
Hydrogarden
Plagron
Plant Magic
Vitalink
pH Up & Down
Buffers & Standards - Calibration of pH / EC Pens
Meters & Monitors for Nutrient Solutions
Growing
Propagation Media - Rockwool, Plugs, Pellets
Propagation Nutrients & Supplements
Propagators and Propagation Kits & Tools
Grow Tents & Grow Room Tools
Grow Room Sheeting & Tape
Growing Media - Soils and Additives
Nutrients for Growing in Soil
Growing Pots, Trays & Containers
Environmental Control
Extraction Kits - Fans, Filters, Clips, Ducting
Fan - Controllers, Silencers, Timers, Diffusers
Ducting
Ducting Spares & Parts
Carbon Filters & Stands
Measure & Control Temperature / Humidity
CO2 Solutions
Odour Control
Plant Pest Control / Disease Management
Plant Lighting
Grow Lighting Kits
Propagation Lighting - T5's, CFL's, LED's
Grow Lamps - HID Lighting HPS / MH / CDM
Reflectors,
Heat Shields & Accessories
Ballasts
Lighting Timers / Controllers & Contactors
Lighting Accessories & Tools
Propagation
Brands
Adjust-A-Wing
Advanced Nutrients
Atami
AutoPot
BioBizz
BioCanna
Bio Green Nutrients & Additives
BioGreen
Bluelab
Can-Fans
CX Horticulture
CANNA
Cultilene
Dutchpro
Ecotechnics
Ecothrive
ETI
Exhale CO2
Ferro
G.A.S.
Gavita
GHE
Gold Label
Green Qube
Grodan
Growlite
Growth Technology
Guanokalong
Guard'N'Aid
Hailea
House & Garden
Hydrogarden
Jiffy
Koppert
Lighthouse
Lumatek
Lumii
Maxibright
Nutriculture
Ona
Orca
Osram
NL
Philips
Plagron
Plant!t
Plant Magic
Powerplant
RAM
Rhino
ROOT!T
SMSCOM
Sunmaster
Vitalink
Sale
Basket
Checkout
Contact
Home
Privacy Policy
Welcome Guest (Login : Sign Up)
Username:
Password:
Forgot your password?
Forgot your username?
Privacy Policy
Norfolk Lights & Hydroponics Centre are committed to protecting your privacy and maintaining the security of any personal information received from you.  We strictly adhere to the requirements of the data protection act in the UK.  The purpose of the statement is to explain to you our policies regarding the collection, use and disclosure of Personal Information we receive from users of the Site.
INFORMATION – COLLECTION AND USE:
While using our Site, we may ask you to provide us with certain personally identifiable information that can be used to contact or identify you. Personally identifiable information may include, but is not limited to your name such as, your e-mail address, billing address, delivery address, telephone number, product selections, (credit card or other payment information - according to our terms and conditions). We only use this data for the following;
Processing your orders;
For statistical purposes, to improve the Site and its services to you;
To serve Site content and advertisements to you;
To administer the Site;
In relation to your preferences and email updates;
You agree that you do not object to us contacting you for any of the above purposes whether by telephone, e-mail or in writing and you confirm that you do not and will not consider any of the above as being a breach of any of your rights under the Privacy and Electronic Communications (EC Directive) Regulations 2003.
We will not contact you about promotions & new products, only in connection with a delivery. We can remove you from our database, if you so wish.
In order to effectively process credit or debit card transactions it may be necessary for the bank or card processing agency to verify your personal details for authorisation outside the European Economic Area (EEA). Such information will not be transferred out of the EEA for any other purpose.
You can confirm the security of your connection to the checkout page by checking the bottom of your browser window. When the connection is secure you will see a closed lock.
We use your Personal Information only for providing and improving the Site. By using the Site, you agree to the collection and use of information in accordance with this policy.
We will never sell, rent, exchange or pass on your personal information to any third party, for any reason, beyond the essential card processing service that is required for validating a payment.
When you pay for your order online, please do so in the safe knowledge that all payments are subject to the latest encryption software with 128 bit SSL certificate.  We have no access to payment information, such as card details and these are not stored on our system.
We are compliant with The General Data Protection Regulation.  Our staff will destroy all information received in respect of a telephone order once the card details have been processed.  Your delivery address will be passed to only a reputable carrier, after ensuring that they are GDPR compliant too.
You have the right to request a copy of any information that we currently hold about you. In order to receive such information please send your contact details including address and payment of £2.95 to cover administration expenses to the following address:
Norfolk Lights & Hydroponics Centre LTD (Privacy)Unit 2, Guardian Road Industrial EstateNorwich, NorfolkNR5 8PF
Information
About Us
Hydroponics Blog
What is Hydroponics?
Contact Details
Useful Links
Credits
Sitemap
Support
Using our Website
FAQs
Customer Service
Delivery Details
Returns & Refunds
Policies
Terms & Conditions
Accessibility Statement
Privacy Policy
Cookies Statement
Account
Your Account
Your Orders
Review Products
Accepted Cards
© 2018-2020, Norfolk Lights & hydroponics Centre Limited. All rights reserved.
Registered in England no: 05010464VAT no: 83 463 6123
website design diss by sla associates limited