https://www.americanmint.com/us-currencies/legal-tender/presidential-dollars
GoldSilverPlatinumU.S. CurrencyCommemorativesOther ProductsAccessoriesUnique and Rare
To category Gold
Solid Gold
Gold-Layered
Half Dollar Gold Coins
Gold Coins
Gold Coins
For thousands of years, gold has been a symbol of wealth and status; today, it is considered a safe, long-term investment for everyone. Considered “the most beautiful type of gold investment,” gold coins offer a unique and...
learn more
To category Silver
Solid Silver
Silver-Plated
Silver Dollar Coins
Silver Coins
Silver Coins
One of the oldest materials used in the minting of coins, silver has long been a favorite material of both serious numismatists and casual collectors. Silver bullion coins are staples in many collections, as are silver-plated...
learn more
To category Platinum
Platinum Eagle Coins
Platinum Coins
Platinum Coins
Silvery-white platinum metal resembles white gold or silver in appearance. Often used in jewelry and industrial products, platinum is a rare precious metal that is always in high demand. From a numismatist's perspective, platinum...
learn more
To category U.S. Currency
Legal Tender Coins
Silver Eagle
Presidential Dollars
Commemorative Quarters
Uncirculated
Commemoratives
Antiques
Enhanced Legal Tender Coins
Gold-Layered
Colorized
In Keepsafe Display
Replicas
Rare
Golden
Silvered
Trials
Banknote Coins
U.S. Currencies
U.S. Coins for Sale
The United States Dollar remains a strong currency today and is one of the primary currencies used in most international transactions. U.S. currency is also popular with collectors who determine the value of a piece based on...
learn more
To category Commemoratives
Presidents
Abraham Lincoln Coins
Franklin D. Roosevelt Coins
Barack Obama Coins
Ronald Reagan Coins
Dwight D. Eisenhower Coins
Donald Trump Coins
George W. Bush Coins
George Washington Coins
Thomas Jefferson Coins
John F. Kennedy Coins
American History
U.S. Constitution Coins
Patriotic
Military
Civil War 150th Anniversary
Nostalgia/20th Century
Air, Space and Sea
Wildlife
Religious
Christian Coins
Pope Francis Coins
Foreign Coins
Ancient Coins
Coins & Commemoratives
Commemorative Coins
One of the best things about collecting coins is that it provides a lens through which you can explore a range of different subjects. Of course, you don't have to be a dedicated collector to enjoy the variety of...
learn more
To category Other Products
Knives
Pocket Knives
Bowie Knives
Themes
Falkner Knives
Deer Knives
Eagle Pocket Knives
Other
Jewelry
Collectibles
Are coins not your thing? American Mint offers a wide variety of collectible pieces, such as Knives and even fine Jewelry. Pick your favorite category and start collecting today.
learn more
To category Accessories
Collectors' Accessories
Coin Collecting Accessories
Caring for your collectibles is essential for preserving their appearance and protecting their long-term value. From genuine antique currency to organizing and maintaining your treasured collection requires...
learn more
To category Unique and Rare
Service Center
1-877-807-MINT
We´re happy to be here for you!
Toll-free Customer Service Number:
1-877-807-MINT (6468)
Hours of Operation:
Monday through Friday and 10AM to 8PM on Saturday
contact@americanmint.com
About us
Contact
Terms & Conditions
Privacy Policy
U.S. Currency
Legal Tender Coins
Presidential Dollars
Legal Tender Presidential Dollars
Close menu
Categories
Gold
Silver
Platinum
U.S. Currency
Legal Tender Coins
Silver Eagle
Presidential Dollars
Commemorative Quarters
Uncirculated
Commemoratives
Antiques
Enhanced Legal Tender Coins
Replicas
Trials
Banknote Coins
Commemoratives
Other Products
Accessories
Unique and Rare
News
Information
Contact
Newsletter
Satisfaction Guarantee
Terms & Conditions
News from the Mint
Filter
Close filters
items found
Immediately available
Price
from
19.95
to
295
items found
Filter
Sorting
Popularity
Release date
Lowest price
Highest price
Article description
Products per page
30
60
90
No results were found for the filter!
-0
John F. Kennedy Presidential Commemorative Coin Set
regularly
$79.95
$9.95
Details
-75
2015 Presidential Dollar Set
regularly
$79.60
$19.95
Details
George Washington Presidential Coin Tribute
$79.95
Details
-0
Lincoln and the 1861 Double Eagle Tribute
regularly
$99.95
$9.95
Details
JFK 50th Anniversary 5-Piece Set - 2015 Edition
$195.00
Details
Archival edition "1978 Eisenhower Dollar"
$49.95
Details
50th Anniversary Kennedy Half Dollar Silver Coin Collection
$295.00
Details
Products per page
30
60
90
Presidential Dollars
The U.S. Mint's Presidential $1 coin program celebrates the individuals who have held our country's highest office. Since its launch in 2007, it has been wildly popular with coin collectors, historians, and anyone else with interest in patriotic collectibles. Though they are official U.S. legal tender, they are no longer circulated for general use — instead, the Mint now sells them exclusively to the collectors' market.
If you're looking to buy U.S. Presidential Dollar coins, you've come to the right place. AMERICAN MINT has a large selection available for you. Browse our inventory and shop online with confidence.
About the Presidential Dollar Program
The Presidential $1 Coin Act of 2005 was passed with the aim "to revitalize the design of United States coins and return circulating coinage to its position as an object of aesthetic beauty in its own right." They are known for their impressive design and high level of attention to detail, with edge-incused inscriptions and oversized artwork. They have the same face value and composition as the Sacagawea dollar, though because of their collectible nature, Brilliant Uncirculated (BU) Presidential coins tend to command a somewhat higher price on the collectors' market.
The U.S. Mint typically issues four new Presidential Dollars every year, though the Treasury Department temporarily suspended and reduced the scope of the program in 2012. As of 2016, Ronald Regan was the last president honored by the series. All coins use the same reverse design, an image of the Statue of Liberty made by U.S. Mint Sculptor-Engraver Don Everhart.
Introducing Our Collection of Presidential Dollar Coins
Our remarkable Presidential Dollar coin collection provides a fitting tribute to some of the most exceptional leaders to ever inhabit the White House, including:
George Washington Presidential Coin Tribute: Widely regarded as the "Father of Our Country," George Washington led the Continental Army to victory during the American Revolution and went on to serve as our first president. Our stunning George Washington coin set includes a 24K gold-layered dollar and accompanying commemorative coin.
John F. Kennedy Presidential Commemorative Coin Set: The election of JFK in 1960 spawned an era of optimism referred to as "Camelot," which came to a tragic end three years later with his assassination in Dallas. Our exclusive gold-layered two-coin set, released in 2015, has quickly become a staple of our collection.
JFK 50th Anniversary 5-Piece Set: Any true fans of our 35th president will want to make this spectacular five-coin set a cornerstone of their collection. The set consists of four authentic Kennedy half dollars and one JFK Presidential Leadership commemorative coin.
Lincoln and the 1861 Double Eagle Tribute: Perhaps our most revered president, Abraham Lincoln held the nation together during the darkest period in our history, the Civil War. There's no better way to honor Lincoln's legacy than by adding this brilliant two-coin set to your collection.
2015 Presidential Dollar Set: This comprehensive collection includes eight presidential dollars in a special-edition set that commemorates JFK, LBJ, Eisenhower, and Truman. You'll receive two Presidential Dollars for each commander-in-chief in Brilliant Uncirculated condition.
Why Collect Presidential Dollar Coins?
The urge to collect is practically universal. We accumulate objects to admire their intrinsic beauty and to remind us of the things we value in the world. If you are interested in the Presidency as an office, want to remember a politician you particularly admire or care about your country in a general sense, a Presidential Dollar will make a worthy addition to your collection.
There's no question that everyone who holds the office of the Presidency leaves a permanent stamp on the country. The Presidential Dollar series is a tribute to the select group of individuals who have led the United States over the years. Each coin is a piece of history, one that ultimately speaks to who we are and what we believe in.
Buying Collectible Coins
AMERICAN MINT routinely has Presidential Dollars for sale in our online store, including the occasional rarity. In addition to individual coins, we also sell complete sets that are mounted in an attractive display to showcase in your home. Our inventory changes regularly, so if you don't see what you're looking for, check back later. You can also contact our office directly, as we may be able to track down specific coins from our network of suppliers.
Shopping online is easy with AMERICAN MINT. We've designed our website to be easy to navigate and hassle-free to shop. We stand behind all products with a satisfaction guarantee, as well as our longstanding commitment to excellent customer service.
Viewed
Personal customer service – we´re happy to be here for you!
Do you have any questions or concerns?
Toll-free Customer Service Number:
1-877-807-MINT Fax: (717)-458-9217
Hours of operation:
8am to 8pm Eastern Time Monday through Friday 10am to 8pm Eastern Time Saturday
OUR AMERICAN MINT ADVANTAGES
TRUSTED PARTNER OF AMERICAN COLLECTORS
You will benefit from our experienced staff and international trade partners: we can offer you select rarities at especially fair prices. Look forward to interesting news and special offers, and use our personal discounts to discover new collection topics and fine rarities.
BUY WITH CONFIDENCE 21-DAY RETURN POLICY
Your satisfaction is guaranteed. If you're not pleased with an item you receive, you may return it within 21 days for a full refund of the purchase price.
FREE S&H for orders over $150
Save on delivery. When you spend $150 or more, shipping and handling is on us.
X
Don't Miss Out!
Looking for gold and silver coins? Sign up for the American Mint newsletter and be the first to receive the latest deals on genuine U.S. currency and exclusive American Mint commemoratives.
First Name*
Last Name
E-Mail*
Submit
Thank you!
X
California Residents: Do Not Sell My Personal Information
Pursuant to the California Consumer Privacy Act, California residents may request Do Not Sell My Personal Information.
If you are a California resident and do not want us to sell your personal information as explained in our Privacy Policy, please fill out and submit the form below.
Thank you!
}