http://www.klim.com/terms-and-conditions
Home
Terms & Conditions
Conditions of Use – KLIM To Our Online Users: Welcome to KLIM.com. Teton Outfitters, LLC and/or its affiliates (KLIM USA and KLIM Europe Sarl) herein referred to as "KLIM" provide website features and other products and services to you when you visit or shop at KLIM.com.  KLIM provides the KLIM.com products and services subject to the following conditions. Please read these conditions carefully before using this website.  Using the website indicates that you accept these conditions.Privacy Please review our privacy policy to understand the practices. CLICK HEREUse of Website Unless otherwise specified, the KLIM website is for your personal use. The KLIM website may not be modified, copied, distributed, transmitted, displayed, reproduced, or published by the user.  Any information obtained from the KLIM website may not be sold for user gain or commercial use without the consent of KLIM. Website User Submissions With the exception of personally identifiable information covered under the Privacy Policy of KLIM, any information or other communication posted by users to KLIM.com will be considered non-confidential and non-proprietary.  KLIM will have no obligations with respect to any user communications.  KLIM will be considered free to copy, disclose, distribute, incorporate and otherwise use the communications from users its business purposes. Users are prohibited from posting or transmitting to KLIM.com any unlawful, threatening, libelous, defamatory, obscene, pornographic, or other material that would violate any law. The testimonials and product reviews expressed are the views of the user and/or author and are not the views of KLIM.  A product review does not constitute authorized literature of KLIM.Prohibited and Unlawful Use As a condition of your use of KLIM.com, you warrant to KLIM that you will not use the website for any purpose that is unlawful or prohibited by these terms, conditions, and notices. You may not use KLIM.com in any manner which could damage, disable, overburden, or impair the website or interfere with any other party's use and enjoyment of the website.Disclaimer of Warranties and Limitation of Liability   The Klim services and all information, content, materials, products and other services included on or otherwise made available to you through klim.com are provided by Klim on an "as is" and "as available" basis, unless otherwise specified in writing. Klim makes no representations or warranties of any kind, express or implied, as to the operation of klim.com, or the information, content, materials, products or other services included on or otherwise made available to you through klim.com, unless otherwise specified in writing. You expressly agree that your use of klim.com is at your sole risk. To the full extent permissible by applicable law, Klim disclaims all warranties, express or implied, including, but not limited to, implied warranties of merchantability and fitness for a particular purpose. Klim does not warrant that klim.com, information, content, materials, products or other services included on or otherwise made available to you through klim.com, Klim’s servers or electronic communications sent from Klim are free of viruses or other harmful components. Klim will not be liable for any damages of any kind arising from the use of any Klim service, or from any information, content, materials, products or other services included on or otherwise made available to you through klim.com, including, but not limited to direct, indirect, incidental, punitive, and consequential damages, unless otherwise specified in writing.Modification of These Conditions of Use KLIM may revise these Conditions at any time by updating this posting at any time.  It is the user’s responsibility to review the conditions of use for any changes.Copyright and Trademarks All content included in or made available through KLIM.com, such as text, graphics, logos, button icons, images, audio clips, digital downloads, and data compilations is the property of KLIM or its content suppliers and protected by United States and international copyright laws.  In addition, graphics, logos, page headers, button icons, scripts, and service names included in or made available through KLIM.com are trademarks or trade dress of KLIM in the U.S. and other countries.Returns, Refunds, and Title KLIM does not take title to returned items until the item arrives at a KLIM distribution center.  Please review our Refunds / Returns and Exchanges Policy for further information.Product Description KLIM attempts to be as accurate as possible in our website. However, KLIM does not warrant that product descriptions or other content of KLIM.com is accurate, complete, reliable, current, or error-free. If a product offered by KLIM itself is not as described, your sole remedy is to return it in unused condition.Pricing The price displayed for products on KLIM.com represents the full retail price listed for the product. With respect to items sold by KLIM, we cannot confirm the price of an item until you order. Despite our best efforts, a small number of the items in our catalog may be mispriced. If the correct price of an item sold by KLIM is higher than our stated price, we will, at our discretion, either contact you for instructions before shipping or cancel your order and notify you of such cancellation.Privacy Policy of KLIM To Our Customers, Dealers, Distributors, Employees and Vendors: Teton Outfitters, LLC and its affiliates (KLIM USA and KLIM Europe Sarl) herein referred to as “KLIM” state that your privacy is important to us, and maintaining your trust and confidence is one of our highest priorities. We respect your right to keep your personal information confidential and understand your desire to avoid unwanted solicitations. With this in mind, KLIM wishes to make its Privacy Policy available to you. We hope that by taking a few minutes to read it, you will have a better understanding of what we do with the information you provide us and how we keep it private and secure.A: Types of Information We Collect We collect certain personal information about you – but only when that information is provided by you or is obtained by us with your authorization. We use that information to process your sales orders requests as well as provide the necessary shipping information to the freight carrier. Examples of sources from which we collect information include:- Dealer Agreements- Dealer Invoices- Sales OrdersB:  Parties to Whom We Disclose Information As a general rule, we do not disclose personal information about our dealers, distributors, or customers or former dealers, distributors, or customers to anyone. However, to the extent permitted by law and any applicable state Code of Professional Conduct, certain nonpublic information about you may be disclosed in the following situations: To comply with a validly issued and enforceable subpoena or summons.   In conjunction with a prospective purchase, sale, or merger of all or part of our business, provided that we take appropriate precautions (for example, through a written confidentiality agreement) so the prospective purchaser or merger corporation does not disclose information obtained in the course of the review.   As a part of any actual or threatened legal proceedings or alternative dispute resolution proceedings either initiated by or against us, provided we disclose only the information necessary to file, pursue, or defend against the lawsuit and take reasonable precautions to ensure that the information disclosed does not become a matter of public record.   To provide information to affiliates of the company and nonaffiliated third parties who perform services or functions for us in conjunction with our services to you, but only if we have a contractual agreement with the other party which prohibits them from disclosing or using the information other than for the purposes for which it was disclosed. (Examples of such disclosures include a request for proposal of a parcel shipping agreement.)  C:  Confidentiality and Security of Nonpublic Personal Information Except as otherwise described in this notice, we restrict access to nonpublic personal information about you to employees of our firm and other parties who must use that information to provide services to you. Their right to further disclose and use the information is limited by the policies of our business, applicable law, our Code of Professional Conduct, and nondisclosure agreements where appropriate.  We also maintain physical, electronic, and procedural safeguards in compliance with applicable laws and regulations to guard your personal information from unauthorized access, alteration, or premature destruction. Thank you for allowing us to provide you with our world renowned technical riding gear. We value your business and are committed to protecting you privacy. We hope you view our business as your most trusted partner and we will work to continue earning your trust. Please call us if you have any questions or if we can be of further service.Refunds / Returns / Exchanges Policy of KLIM To Our Customers: This policy covers Teton Outfitters, LLC and its affiliates (KLIM USA, KLIM Europe Sarl) herein referred to as “KLIM” Individuals have a return option for all new re-sellable products:- Individual must have purchased the returned product directly from KLIM to have the refund applied to the default card on file.- If the customer didn’t purchase from Klim direct, we will still honor the return. We will not provide cash back; instead current retail pricing will be applied as a credit towards a future Klim purchase.- Return amount will be at current retail value. A return confirmation will be sent to the original e-mail on your account once the credit has been processed.- Freight cost to return the item to and from KLIM will be the responsibility of the party returning the product.- If product is refused and not in new re-sellable condition, a Customer Service Professional will notify you.- Pre-boxed items must be returned inside the original packaging. Please do not affix shipping labels directly to original boxes.- Return Merchandise Authorization (RMA) # is required for all exchanges and returns. Please write RMA # on the outside of package Individuals have an exchange option for all new re-sellable products:- Pre-boxed items must be returned inside the original packaging. Please do not affix shipping labels directly to original boxes.- The original purchase may be accepted even if it was not purchased directly from Klim. No cash will be provided, a credit towards a future Klim purchase is issued at current retail pricing.- Freight cost to return the item to KLIM will be the responsibility of the party exchanging the product.- Freight cost for the replacement product will be the responsibility of the party exchanging the product.- All refunds will be applied to the default card on account.- If product is refused and not in new re-sellable condition, a Customer Service Professional will notify you.- Return Merchandise Authorization (RMA) # is required for all exchanges and returns. Please write RMA # on the outside of package. Return Shipping Please be sure to ship the package with a carrier that can provide tracking and insurance. KLIM assumes no responsibility for items while in transit back to KLIM. Shipping charges are not refundable.  Return / exchanges shipping address will be provided by a Customer Service Professional.Shipping Policies:   United States- Orders are fulfilled from our Idaho distribution center.- We will send a shipping notification with tracking number upon order fulfillment to the email you provide.- We utilize UPS Ground for standard “Ground” shipping, estimated delivery time can be accessed at: https://www.ups.com/maps and entering 83442 for the zip code.- UPS 3 Day Select, UPS 2nd Day Air, UPS Next Day Air Saver, and UPS Next Day Air are available for an additional fee, viewable at checkout.- In the case of free or discounted shipping we may use UPS Surepost, UPS Ground, or USPS First Class Mail.  Delivery ranges from 2-7 business days in all 50 States.- We are not able to ship to PO boxes, please provide a physical street address.- We are able to ship to APO/FPO addresses, please select “Ground” shipping but allow for 2-7 business days for delivery.Canada- Orders are fulfilled from our British Columbia distribution center. - We will send a shipping notification with tracking number upon order fulfillment to the email you provide.- We utilize Purolator, Canada Post, and FedEx leveraging the best partner for your particular delivery address. - Standard estimated delivery times in business days: 2-5 days for locations in BC, AB, SK, and MB, rural areas may take additional 1-2 days- 4-7 days for locations in ON, PQ, NB, NS, PE, NL, YT, NT, and NU. - Overnight, 2 Day, and 3 Day options are available for an additional fee, viewable at checkout. Please note that for rural areas these options may take 1-2 additional business day(s).- We are only able to ship to delivery addresses within Canada.Europe, Middle East, and Africa- Orders are fulfilled from our Holland distribution center. - We will send a shipping notification with tracking number upon order fulfillment to the email you provide.- We utilize DPD and UPS leveraging the best partner for your particular delivery address.- Expedited options within Europe are available for an additional fee, view able at checkout.- We are able to ship to delivery addresses within Europe, Middle East, and Africa from our Holland distribution center.  In the case that we need more information to deliver we will reach out to the email address and phone number you provide.- Customs, Duties, & Taxes for all European Trade partner countries are prepaid.  For all other Countries the customs office of the destination country may apply customs fees, import duties, taxes, and other charges.  All charges required for customs clearance will be the responsibility of the customer or recipient.  Use our Dealer Locator to find the nearest dealer - CLICK HERE -  - Please note that KLIM items shipped outside the US, Canada, and Europe may not be in accordance with specific standards of the destination country.  KLIM is not responsible for determining which products can be legally imported into countries outside of the US, Canada, and Europe.  If you have any questions regarding possible shipping restrictions please contact us - CLICK HERE - Other International Locations- Any orders not shipped to the US, Canada, Europe, Middle East, or Africa will be processed by our US, Idaho distribution center.- We utilize UPS Worldwide Expedited or USPS Priority Mail International.  We have the option for Priority shipping with UPS Worldwide Express.  If the priority method is available the additional fee will be viewable at checkout.- The customs office of the destination country may apply customs fees, import duties, taxes, and other charges.  All charges required for customs clearance will be the responsibility of the customer or recipient.  KLIM is required, by law, to declare full value (purchase price) of the product(s) on any waybills or customs documentation.  You may also want to refer to our Dealer Locator to see if your location is serviced by one of our dealers. - CLICK HERE -  - Please note that KLIM items shipped outside the US, Canada, and Europe may not be in accordance with specific standards of the destination country.  KLIM is not responsible for determining which products can be legally imported into countries outside of the US, Canada, and Europe.  If you have any questions regarding possible shipping restrictions please contact us - CLICK HERE -