http://www.marksandspencer.com/c/cookies#intid=footernav_cookie-policy
font
loading for Top nav
Covid-19 update: shop with confidence in our stores
Beat the queues - Sparks Book & Shop
DLP_NONFEAR
SubCategory_22465684
Free home delivery when you spend over £50|Order by 8pm for next-day delivery for £4.99|Shop with confidence with our extended returns policy
Our Cookie Policy
It’s all in the detail
Our websites use cookies to collect information. This includes information about browsing and purchasing behaviour by people who access our websites. This includes information about pages viewed, products purchased and the customer journey around our websites. Detailed information is set out in our Cookie Policy.
Cookie Policy
WHAT ARE COOKIES?
Like most websites, M&S websites use cookies to collect information. Cookies are small data files which are placed on your computer or other devices (such as smart ‘phones or ‘tablets’) as you browse this website. They are used to ‘remember’ when your computer or device accesses our websites. Cookies are essential for the effective operation of our websites and to help you shop with us online. They are also used to tailor the products and services offered and advertised to you, both on our websites and elsewhere.
INFORMATION COLLECTED
Some cookies collect information about browsing and purchasing behaviour when you access this website via the same computer or device. This includes information about pages viewed, products purchased and your journey around a website. We do not use cookies to collect or record information on your name, address or other contact details. M&S can use cookies to monitor your browsing and purchasing behaviour.
HOW ARE COOKIES MANAGED?
The cookies stored on your computer or other device when you access our websites are designed by:
M&S, or on behalf of M&S, and are necessary to enable you to a make purchases on our website;
third parties who participate with us in marketing programmes; and
third parties who broadcast web banner advertisements on behalf of M&S.
WHAT ARE COOKIES USED FOR?
The main purposes for which cookies are used are: -
For technical purposes essential to effective operation of our websites, particularly in relation to on-line transactions and site navigation.
For M&S to market to you, particularly web banner advertisements and targeted updates.
To enable M&S to collect information about your browsing and shopping patterns, including to monitor the success of campaigns, competitions etc.
To enable M&S meet its contractual obligations to make payments to third parties when a product is purchased by someone who has visited our website from a site operated by those parties.
For M&S to monitor the success of its recruitment campaigns when applying for advertised roles.
HOW DO I DISABLE COOKIES?
If you want to disable cookies you need to change your website browser settings to reject cookies. How you can do this will depend on the browser you use. Further details on how to disable cookies for the most popular browsers are set out below: -
For Microsoft Internet Explorer:
Choose the menu “tools” then “Internet Options”
Click on the “privacy” tab
Select the setting the appropriate setting
For Google Chrome:
Choose Settings> Advanced
Under "Privacy and security," click “Content settings”.
Click “Cookies”
For Safari:
Choose Preferences > Privacy
Click on “Remove all Website Data”
For Mozilla firefox:
Choose the menu “tools” then “Options”
Click on the icon “privacy”
Find the menu “cookie” and select the relevant options
For Opera 6.0 and further:
Choose the menu Files”> “Preferences”
Privacy
What happens if I disable cookies?
This depends on which cookies you disable, but in general the website may not operate properly if cookies are switched off. If you only disable third party cookies, you will not be prevented from making purchases on our sites. If you disable all cookies, you will be unable to complete a purchase on our sites.
Our Privacy Policy
OUR TOP PICKS
Recently viewed
CLOSE
You currently have no recently viewed items
Would you like to
continue
shopping ?
Saved items
CLOSE
You currently have no saved items
Continue shopping
checkout
YOUR BAG
()
view bag
checkout
Close
Check gift card balance
Sorry