https://www.shoeshowmega.com/privacy-policy/privacy-policy-shoe-dept.html
Skip to Main Content
Your browser is not currently set to accept cookies, or check to see if you have another program set that blocks cookies.
FREE Ground Shipping (excluding AK and HI).
Reward Points
Sign In
0
0
Privacy Policy
SHOE SHOW, INC. Privacy Policy
Effective 09/25/2018:
Shoe Show, Inc. (the “Company”) values its customers and respects their privacy. Protecting your information is of the utmost importance to us. As a result, we have provided this Privacy Policy to let you know how we collect information about you through our website, how we will and will not use the information entrusted to us when you visit www.shoedeptencore.com (the “Site”) and any other online application that links to this Policy (collectively the “Services”) and how we may share your information with others.
When you visit the Site or submit information to us through the Services, you consent to the collection and processing of your information as described in this Privacy Policy.  If you do not agree with the uses of information described in this Privacy Policy, then please do not use the Site or submit information to us through the Services.
This Site is controlled and operated by us from the United States and is designed for and intended for users located in the United States.  We do not knowingly collect or process data of persons located outside the United States.
We may change this Privacy Policy.  The “Effective Date” legend at the top of the page indicates when this Privacy Policy was last revised.  Any changes will become effective when we post the revised Privacy Policy on the Site.
Collection of Information
Generally speaking, we collect or receive information when you use the Services in the following ways:
Information You Provide Directly.  You may provide information directly to us in several different ways. For example, when you make a purchase, we ask you for information that may be used to process your payment and ship your order, including your name, email address, phone number, mailing address and payment card information.  We also collect your name and email address when you create an online account with us.  Finally, we collect your name and email address when you voluntarily submit a comment or question using our “Contact Us” page.  We may also collect your birth month and day when you provide it to us. We refer to this type of information as “Personal Information”.
Information We Collect Automatically.  We collect certain information about you and your computer or device automatically when you use the Services, which we refer to as “Usage Data”.  Usage Data may include:
The type of Web browser and operating system you have used to access the Services;
Your IP address (which is a number automatically assigned to your computer when you access the Internet and can be used to derive your general geographic location);
The website you visited before you came to the Services; and
Your navigational information during each of your visits to the Services, including the activity of your browser when you are viewing the Site, your site path and the time you visit the Site, your purchasing history, and the products that you view while using the Services.
We may combine Usage Data with Personal Information and use it in the manner described in this Privacy Policy.
This Usage Data is collected using cookies, Web beacons, and similar technologies, as further discussed below.
We also use tools like Google Analytics to measure traffic to our Site and how users interact with our Site.  Google Analytics uses cookies to gather information regarding use of the Site, which Google uses to generate reports for us regarding our Site.  To find out more about how Google uses data when you use our Site and your options for controlling the information collected by Google from this Site, please click here. You may opt-out of having your activity on the Site made available to Google Analytics by installing the Google Analytics browser add-on, available here.
Cookies.Cookies are small text files that websites and other online services use to store information about users on the users’ own computers. For example, cookies can be used to store your sign-in credentials so that you do not have to enter them each time you return to a web site. Cookies also may be used to store a unique identification number tied to your computer so that a website can recognize you as the same user across different visits to the website. You can configure your Internet browser to warn you each time a cookie is being sent or to refuse cookies completely.
The Company and the third parties that provide content, ads, or functionality on the Services may use cookies to: (1) Collect Usage Data about your browsing activities in order to provide you with more relevant content and ads, on and off the Services; and (2) Relate the Usage Data to information we obtain from you directly or from commercially available sources.
You can adjust how your Internet browser (like Chrome or Safari) responds to cookies (e.g., to warn you every time a cookie is sent, or to turn off all cookies). See your browser's Help menu for these instructions. Users who do not wish to have cookies placed on their computers should set their browsers to refuse cookies before accessing the website. By disabling your cookies, please understand you will not have access to some of the features that enhance your user experience on the Site.
Other local storage. We, along with third-party partners, use other kinds of local storage, such as Local Shared Objects (also referred to as “Flash cookies”) and HTML5 local storage, in connection with the Services.  These technologies are similar to the cookies discussed above in that they are stored on your computer and can be used to store certain Usage Data  about your activities and preferences. However, these objects are stored in different parts of your computer from ordinary browser cookies. Many Internet browsers allow you to disable HTML5 local storage or delete information contained in HTML5 local storage using browser controls.
Web beacons. We, along with our third-party partners, may also use technologies called Web beacons that communicate information from your Internet browser to a web server. Web beacons can be embedded in web pages, videos, or emails, and can allow a web server to read certain types of information from your browser, check whether you have viewed a particular web page or email message, and determine, among other things, the time and date on which you viewed the Web beacon, the IP address of your computer, and the URL of the web page from which the Web beacon was viewed. We and our partners use Web beacons for a variety of purposes, including analyzing the use of the Services and in conjunction with cookies to provide content and ads that are more relevant to you.
Information from Commercially Available Sources. We may receive additional information about you — such as the websites you have visited — from sources such as data brokers, data cooperatives, and public databases.
We may combine all of the information we collect or receive about you and use it in the manner described in this Privacy Policy.
Use of Information
We use the information we collect and receive for the following general purposes:
To provide you with the Services, products and information you request;
To continually improve the Services and enhance your viewing experience;
To communicate special offers, promotions and information about our Company and service offerings to you via email or to your mailing address, if you have provided one;
To send you newsletters and information about products, services and promotions of our business partners and affiliates;
To better understand your interests in order to provide you (and enable our partners to provide you) with promotional materials, relevant content and advertisements, and other materials;
For customer service, security and potential fraud, unlawful, harmful or illegal activity detection;
For archival and backup purposes in connection with the provision of services and to enforce our other applicable policies; and
For any other purpose disclosed to you at the time we collect your information, or otherwise with your consent.
Sharing of Information with Third Parties
We may share your information with the following entities:
Affiliates and Partners.  We may share your information with our affiliates -- companies that control, are controlled by, or are under common control with, the Company -- as well as select partners.  These entities may use your information to make predictions about your interests and may provide you with special offers, promotional materials, advertisements and other materials. You may be offered opportunities to receive products or marketing offers from one or more third parties that we jointly promote.  If you order a product or sign up for a promotion through a third party select partner or otherwise express interest in more information from the third party, your Personal Information will be disclosed to that third party to fulfill the order.  Please note that we do not control the privacy practices of these third party businesses.
Service Providers.  We also may share your information with entities that provide services to us, including companies that provide payment processing, shipping, web analytics, data processing, advertising, email distribution, to administer sweepstakes, contests and other promotions that may require registration and other services.
Other Parties When Required by Law or as Necessary to Protect Our Services. There may be instances when we disclose your information to other parties in order to:
protect the legal rights of the Company, its affiliates, and of the users of the Services;
protect the safety and security of users of the Services;
prevent fraud (or for risk management purposes); or
comply with or respond to the law or legal process or a request for cooperation by a government entity, whether or not legally required.
Other Parties in Connection With a Transfer of Assets
If we make a sale or transfer of assets, or are otherwise involved in a merger or transfer, or in the unlikely event of bankruptcy, we may transfer your information to one or more third parties as part of that transaction.
Other Parties With Your Consent
In addition to the sharing described in this Privacy Policy, we may share information about you with other third parties when you consent to such sharing.
Protection of Personal Information
We use reasonable physical, technical, and administrative measures to safeguard information in our possession against loss, theft and unauthorized use, disclosure, or modification. Please note, however, that no data transmission or storage can be guaranteed to be 100% secure. As a result, while we strive to protect the information we maintain, we cannot ensure or warrant the security of any information that you transmit to us.  Please note that the products available on the Services may also be available at one of our 1130+ locations or by calling 1-888-55-SHOES.
Children’s Information
We do not knowingly collect or store Personal Information about children under the age of 13 without verifiable parental consent or unless that child’s parent or legal guardian has submitted the information in connection with the Services. If we learn that we have collected Personal Information from a child under age 13, we will delete that information from our database.
Third Party Links
The Site may contain links to websites maintained by third parties with which we have no affiliation.  This Privacy Policy does not reflect the privacy practices of those sites, and you should consult the privacy policies of those sites to learn about their practices.  A link to any third party site does not mean that we endorse it or the quality or accuracy of information presented on it.
Changing or Deleting Your Personal Information
If you have submitted Personal Information through our website and would like to change or delete that information, please go to Account Manager or update the information on your next order.  If you do not have an online account with us, you may contact us with your request by sending us an email at customerservice@shoeshow.com.  We will work with you to correct any information you submitted to us upon your request.  It may not always be possible to completely remove or modify information in our databases, although we will make reasonable efforts to do so upon your request.
How We Respond to “Do Not Track” Signals
Some browsers have an optional Do Not Track (“DNT”) feature that allows you to express your preference regarding tracking of your online activity by websites.  When you choose to turn on the DNT setting in your browser, your browser sends a special signal to websites, ad networks, plug-in providers, and other web services you encounter while browsing to stop tracking your activity via cookies or other tracking technologies.  Our Site does not currently respond to DNT browser signals or mechanisms.
Your California Privacy Rights
If you are a California resident, California Civil Code § 1798.83 permits you to request information regarding the disclosure of your Personal Information to third parties for those parties’ direct marketing purposes during the preceding year.   We will respond to one request per California resident per calendar year, according to California Civil Code § 1798.83. To make such a request, please send an email to OGC@shoeshow.com or write to us at Office of General Counsel, Shoe Show, Inc., PO Box 648, Concord, NC, 28026-0648.  Please be sure that you reference “California Privacy Rights” in your communication.  In your request, please attest to the fact that you are a California resident and provide a current California address for your response.  Please allow up to thirty (30) days for a response.
If you are a California resident under 18 years old and have an online account with us, you can request that we remove content or information that you have posted to our Site or the Services. Note that fulfilment of the request may not ensure complete or comprehensive removal (e.g., if the content or information has been reposted by another user). To request removal of content or information, please email or call us using the contact information below.
Changes to this Privacy Policy
From time to time, we may revise this Privacy Policy to reflect changes to the scope of the Services or for other reasons. Therefore, it is important to check the effective date of the Privacy Policy posted here each time you use the Services. If we make any material revisions to this Privacy Policy, we will provide prominent notice on our website.  By continuing to use the Services after we make changes, you indicate your consent to those changes.
Questions
We want to assure you that we are dedicated to protecting your privacy. If you have questions or comments about this Privacy Policy, please contact The Office of General Counsel, Shoe Show, Inc., PO Box 648, Concord, NC 28026-0648 or at OGC@shoeshow.com.
Top
×
This website uses cookies to ensure you get the best experience on our website.