http://www.scottsofstow.co.uk/privacy-policy
Skip to main content
CONGRATULATIONS! Offer Code
gives you .
0
New Season
Christmas
All Christmas
Christmas Decorations
Christmas Entertaining
Christmas Food and Drink
Christmas Gifts
Extra Guests
Kitchen and Dining
All Kitchen and Dining
Cooking and Preparation
Containers and Storage
Cookware
Cutlery and Utensils
Food Preparation
Kitchen Gadgets
Microwave Cooking
Textiles
Curtains
Dining Textiles
Kitchen Textiles
Other Textiles
Seat Pads
Tablecloths and Napkins
Crockery and Glassware
Drinkware
Tableware
Furniture
Dining Room Furniture
Kitchen Furniture
Kitchen Electricals
Kitchen Floor Mats
Practical Kitchen
Portmeirion
Home
All Home
Home Furniture
Dining Room Furniture
Garden Furniture
Kitchen Furniture
Living Room Furniture
Storage Furniture
Soft Furnishings
Curtains
Cushions and Throws
Seat Pads
Tablecloths and Napkins
Home Accessories
Artificial Plants and Flowers
Bedroom Accessories
Clocks
Cushions and Throws
Home Decor
Phones
Electricals
Batteries Chargers and Accessories
Cleaning and Maintenance
Garden Electricals
Heaters and Fans
Home Audio
Kitchen Electricals
Lighting
Office Electricals
Phone and Tablet Accessories
Phones
Small Electricals
Rugs Runners and Mats
Practical Mats
Rugs
Runners
Bathroom
Bathroom Accessories
Towels and Bathmats
Gift Ideas
Boredom Busters
Puzzlers Paradise
Home Audio
Home Office
Lighting
William Morris
Sale
Bedding
All Bedding
Bedlinen
100 Percent Cotton Bedding
Bedding Collections
Bedsheets Pillowcases and Valances
Blankets Bedspreads and Throws
Duvet Covers and Sets
Hotel Bedding
Duvets and Pillows
Duvets
Pillows
Mattress Toppers Protectors and Electric Blankets
Electric Blankets
Mattress and Pillow Protectors
Mattress Toppers
Bedroom Accessories
Extra Guests
Garden
All Garden
Garden Decor
Garden Furniture
Garden Lighting
Garden Storage
Garden Textiles
Grow Your Own
Outdoor Dining
Pots and Planters
Tools and Maintenance
Health and Wellbeing
All Health and Wellbeing
Health and Fitness
Helping Hand
Personal Care and Grooming
Personal Protective Equipment
Clothing and Accessories
All Clothing and Accessories
Ladies
Accessories
Clothing
Footwear
Mens
Accessories
Clothing
Footwear
Travel
All Travel
Luggage and Bags
Travel Accessories
Travel Security
Motoring
Practical and DIY
All Practical and DIY
Cleaning
Eco Friendly
Laundry
DIY
Helping Hand
Motoring
Pest Control
Pet Care
Security
Storage
Travel Security
Weather Beaters
Batteries Chargers and Accessories
Shop our Catalogue
All Shop our Catalogue
Christmas Dining
Christmas at Home
Home Living
Kitchen
Practical
Outdoor and Garden
Health and Beauty
Bedroom
Bathroom
Seasonal Bestsellers
Half Price Offers
Exclusive
Sign in
Register
0
Track your order
You'll need your order number and postcode
FREE DELIVERY
We pay for delivery on all orders over £75
Track your orderYou'll need your order number and postcode
Home
Privacy Policy
Scotts & Co are committed to protecting your personal information. We wish to ensure that all of our customers feel comfortable and safe when shopping with us. We recognise that the way in which we use your personal information is important to you. This Privacy Policy statement provides details of how we use your personal information and how we keep it safe and secure.
Who are we?
We are Scotts Limited Reg. No. 2548299 (England) trading as Scotts & Co.
We are fully committed to complying with all of our legal obligations under the General Data Protection Regulation (GDPR) (EU) 2016/679 and the Privacy and Electronic Communications (EC Directive) Regulations 2003 (PECR) and all other applicable laws.
Our registered office is 1 Crompton Road, Groundwell, Wiltshire SN25 5AW.
We operate the following brands to which this privacy policy applies
Scotts of Stow
Expert Verdict
The Original Gift Company
Bloom
Overstocks to Clear
Neostar Electronics
Bergman Tools
Expert Technology
SkimGuard
Solutions World
Gift Discoveries
We act as the data controller and are responsible for how your personal information is used. We are registered with the Information Commissioners Office. Our ICO registration number is Z523560X.
How we collect your personal information
We collect your personal information when you shop with us. This could include placing an order online, in store, over the phone or via post. We collect and store your information whenever you create an account with us on our website. We also collect data about how our customers use our website
We collect your details via the following methods
When you create an account on our website.
When you place an order or make an enquiry over the telephone.
When you place an order or make an enquiry through the post.
When you place an order or make an enquiry in one of our stores.
When you visit our website and have cookies enabled (for more information please see our Cookie Policy).
From time to time we may also receive information about you from third parties such as data hygiene companies, data cooperatives and partners where we have run competitions.
What personal information we collect
We collect personal information from you to ensure that we can fulfil your order, answer your enquiry or to keep you informed of product updates and relevant offers. There are instances where the provision of certain items of information is optional. Please bear in mind that by choosing not to provide this information, it may delay our ability to contact you in the event of an issue with your order or it may mean you miss out on certain product updates, promotions and offers.
The information we collect depends on where and when you are asked for your information.
To fulfil your order, we may need to collect the following information directly from you
Your name
Your billing address
Your delivery address
Your date of birth (when buying items with legal age restrictions)
Your email address
Your contact telephone number(s)
Your payment card details (please note that these are not stored anywhere on our system and only used to process the payment for your order)
We might also collect the following
Your IP address when you use our website
Data hygiene information from sources such as the “National Change of Address File”
Social Media information that you have given permission for us to access
Publicly available information
Information from third parties where you have given them permission to share the information with us
Why we collect your personal information
We will only use your personal information with your consent or for a legally-recognised legitimate interest. These include fulfilling your order and providing targeted marketing communications from ourselves and others
In our call centre
We may record any phone call into our contact centres for quality control and training purposes. Calls to our order line may be kept up to 60 days after the order has been delivered.
Customer service calls may be kept up to 30 days. After this time the recording is securely destroyed.
Fulfilling your order
For us to fulfil your order, we need to know your name and delivery address to ensure that we can despatch the order to you. We also require your billing address and payment details to receive payment for the order. If you are purchasing age-restricted products, then we require your date of birth. We ask you for your email address and phone number so that we can keep you updated with the progress of your order and contact you if any issues arise.
We do not store your credit card details anywhere on our systems and use secure tokenisation during our payment process. If your call to us is recorded; we do not record the part of the call where we take your payment
Marketing delivered to you via post
Where we have date of birth details we use this in conjunction with other information we hold to ensure any marketing we send to you is appropriate. We aim to only ever send you information that is relevant and that you would want to receive, and you can ask us at any time to stop marketing to you.
We will use a recognised legitimate interest to send you relevant postal marketing, usually in the form of our latest catalogue. We will use the personal information you have provided together with details of the products and product categories you have purchased from us to help identify which communications to send to you. We have carefully considered whether this marketing is appropriate and within reasonable expectations.
We may also work in partnership with other organisations to send you, via the post, curated special deals wherever we have been able to negotiate preferential terms for customers of our company, or where our research has revealed that the partner is able to offer ‘best-in-class’ service and terms. These communications will always clearly come from us and one of our brands. They will introduce each partner, their products and their services. You can ask us to stop sending you these curated ‘partner offers’ at any time you wish. Our aim is to send you only what you want and what we believe may be of interest to you.
Marketing delivered to you via email
If you sign up to receive our emails and newsletters we will email you previews, special offers and discounts until you choose that you no longer wish to receive them.
If you purchase from us and have provided us with your email details, you will receive a summary of your order by email and will be able to monitor the despatch of each item. As well as keeping you informed of the progress of your order, we believe that you may be interested in receiving emails about our products and services. At the time of placing your order we will let you know that we may email you and will provide you with an opportunity to unsubscribe.
How we protect your personal information
We are committed to protecting the personal information you entrust to us. That is why all of our staff are trained in the handling of personal data and why we only keep the data we need for as long as we reasonably need it.
How do I know my personal details will be safe?
At Scotts & Co. we are committed to protecting the security and confidentiality of your personal information by providing you with a safe and secure transaction environment when booking online.
https://www.scottsofstow.co.uk  https://www.expertverdict.com https://www.bloom.uk.com and https://www.giftdiscoveries.co.uk all usesthe most reliable SSL. 128-bit Secure Socket Layer (SSL) encryption is the de facto cryptographic standard that we use for securing data communication between the browser and our website. Digital certificate technology is used to ensure transaction privacy, message integrity and server-side authentication. SSL comes in two key sizes, 40-bit and 128-bit, which refer to the length of the “session key” generated by every encrypted transaction. The longer the key, the more difficult it is to break the encryption code. Any software with encryption features having key lengths over 40-bit is considered strong encryption by the U.S.
Are you a dependable company?
Scotts & Co. is a family owned, British company, that produces the UK’s best-loved mail order catalogue for the kitchen, home and garden. We have been trading for over 25 years from our hugely-popular flagship store, situated in the picturesque market town of Stow-on-the Wold, the heart of the Cotswolds, which draws thousands of visitors each year from all over the UK and further afield.
As you would expect from Britain’s premier mail order specialist, quality of product and service are our hallmarks. All products are tested for quality and performance before they can appear in our catalogues, our website or our stores. We take pride in offering our customers the very best possible service at all times. Our many ‘Best Catalogue’ awards speak for themselves.
How do I know it is safe for me to order online?
Shopping online with us is guaranteed safe and secure, and we take the utmost care to ensure your personal and credit or debit card details remain private. When you enter the checkout process, the sign-in process, or the account management area, you are taken through our secure server. Our secure server encrypts all of your personal information including your credit or debit card number, account number, name and address, and all other personal information, so that it cannot be accessed or read as the information travels over the Internet. You can therefore remain assured that shopping with us online is safe and secure.
Recruitment
By applying for a role with us, you confirm that you have read and understood the terms of this privacy policy.
Following an application, we will keep your information in case any other opportunities become available; we will only keep your information for a limited period and your details will be deleted after 12 months.
If you want us to delete your details prior to this date, please send us an email to recruitment@scottsandco.com.
How we work with other organisations
Where we have your consent or where a legitimate interest applies, we may share your information with other organisations. In all such instances, we will have considered the balance of your interests carefully and will have scrutinised every step of the process to ensure your personal information is kept secure.
Any time we process your information for legitimate interests we ensure that the need is balanced and beneficial rather than intrusive.
Every organisation we share your data with has been carefully selected. We have carried out audits of their processes to ensure that they take good care of your information. We have contracts in place with all of our data processors to ensure that they comply with the law, our commitment to you and with what you think would be right. Our processors will only keep your information for as long as is needed to fulfil their part of the process and we only ever supply them the minimum amount of information they need.
Data Hygiene
We work with recognised data hygiene companies to ensure that the information we have about you is up to date and correct. We ask them to ensure that, prior to us sending you a communication, you still live in the address we hold for you. We do not want to send information intended for you to your old address. If you have given them permission to do so, these data hygiene companies may also provide us with your new address so that we can continue to send you relevant marketing information.
Mailing houses
We use mailing houses to print your address details onto our communications such as our catalogues, envelopes or address carriers. To do this we need to send them your information.
Social Media
We work with Facebook, Twitter and Instagram to make the login process to our website as easy as possible for you. When you log in using your social media account the social media company will share with us any information you have allowed them to. We will use this information to make your shopping experience easier and to ensure that any communication we send to you is relevant. We may also upload your information into social media platforms to create custom audiences to deliver advertisements to website visitors, based upon email addresses. We use the Facebook Conversion Tracking Pixel to allow us to follow the actions of users after they have clicked a Facebook advert. This data is anonymous, meaning we cannot see the personal data of any individual user and we use this to measure the effectiveness of the advertising. We use cookies, web beacons, and other storage technologies to collect or receive information from our websites and elsewhere on the internet and use that information to provide measurement services and target adverts. You can read more about your options for allowing this activity and can opt out of the collection and use of information for ad targeting here – https://www.facebook.com/about/privacy
Web Marketing
We work with digital agencies to help make sure our products and services are easy to find online. These digital agencies use advertising platforms such as Google and Bing to advertise our products. We use cookies, web beacons, and other storage technologies to collect or receive information from our websites and elsewhere on the internet and use that information to provide measurement services and target adverts.
One use of this information is to provide remarketing adverts and custom audience building to advertise online. These third-party vendors then use this information to show our adverts on other websites across the internet. You can opt out of
the use of cookies by Google and Bing by visiting https://adssettings.google.com/authenticated and https://privacy.microsoft.com/en-us/privacystatement
Any advert that you see from us will also contain a link to how you can stop us advertising via that method.
Supporting Trustworthy Charities
The UK charity sector has been very reliant on postal appeals as the most cost-effective method of raising funds for good causes.
TV, radio and press advertising are expensive, and the internet is often ineffective.
As a business, Scotts recognises that Charities need a platform to put forward their appeals as there is a societal benefit to the work charities do.
The types of charities we work with include both large national and international charities as well as small local organisations that operate in the following areas; health & medical research, supporting elderly people, community charities, children’s charities, veterans & active forces personnel, heritage and conservation organisations, disability support, overseas aid and development, emergency air ambulances and animal charities.
We can assure you however that we won’t open the flood gates and carefully screen each charity and limit the number of appeals you receive .
We require any charity we work with to adhere to the following rules
That they are UK based, or the beneficiaries of their work are UK citizens
That at least 80% of their income is spent on their cause
That they aren’t embroiled in any scandals or impropriety
That the work they do has a genuine benefit to society, people or animal welfare.
We believe that we have a legitimate interest to support the charity sector and we ensure that your information is kept within strict control at all times and only used to create the address panel, or mailing labels, in the postal campaigns.
We have strict rules and controls on the information used.
We process the information in the following way: We create a list of names and addresses from our list of customers and cross check this against the charity’s own list of donors.
We also cross check the Mailing Preference Service and the Fundraising Preference Service to remove anyone that matches.
This is done so that if you are an existing donor of the charity or are registered against the national suppression files you aren’t contacted.
This processing may be carried out by Scotts Ltd or a trusted third party and we ensure all records are always kept secure, are only accessed by authorised personnel, and only processed to create the mailing labels on the postal packs. All data is erased once the mailing is handed over to the postal services.
At no point is your data kept by the charity, the processing company or the mailing house.
You are in control of your information at all times and we will stop sharing your data if you ask us to
Other Third-Party Marketing
Occasionally we are provided with information from other third parties for the purpose of direct marketing. We take steps to ensure that any data we receive was legally obtained and that you were aware that your information could have been passed to us by the third party. If we have contacted you using information provided by other third parties, then you can find out more about the source of the information by contacting us directly.
Where we have been supplied with information from other third parties, we will only retain the information supplied for the purposes of carrying out the specified direct marketing activity, which is most likely a catalogue mailing, or an email offer. We do not conduct outbound telemarketing.
The length of time we retain this data is up to six months so that we can supply details of where a person’s information came from and how to contact the third-party supplier.
We may also share your name and address information, based on a legitimate interest, where we think you would enjoy some of the latest products and offers by post from selected partners. We work with partners – who operate in the clothing, collectables, food & wine, gardening, gifts, gadgets & entertainment, health & beauty, household goods, travel, financial services and home interiors categories – either directly or through a data cooperative. A data cooperative is a company that collates customer information from UK retailers. A data cooperative analyses customer data so retailers can better understand consumer buying patterns, which in turn enables us to tailor offers to both existing and prospective customers. Scotts & Co currently work with Experian, Conexance and Transactis. You can of course ask us to stop sharing your data at any time.
If you do not wish us or any third parties to use your data for direct marketing, you are able to register for free with the Mailing Preference Service www.mpsonine.org.uk. The Mailing Preference Service (MPS) is a free service set up in 1983 and funded by the direct mail industry to enable consumers to have their names and home addresses in the UK removed from lists used by the industry. It is actively supported by the Royal Mail and all directly involved trade associations and fully supported by The Information Commissioners Office (ICO).
You have the right to object to us processing your details in this way, you can contact us via email at privacypolicyteam@scottsandco.com or via our enquiry line 03444 824 500 and we will carry out your request as soon as possible or within the statutory time limits.
In The Event of Sale
In the unlikely event that our business assets are sold to another company all of our data may be sold as part of our business
How you can control your personal information
We aim to make it easy for you to control how we use your personal information and you have the right at any time to change this information or ask that Scotts & Co stop contacting you. It is your information and we want to make sure you feel in control of it
Every email we send you will include details on how you can unsubscribe from future emails
You have the right to demand that any information we hold about you should be corrected or erased.
You also have the right at any time to change your mind as to how we can contact you for marketing purposes.
To change anything about the personal information we hold, just speak to one of our customer care team.
If you would like us to alter or remove the personal information we hold about you, then please contact us. You can also request a copy of the information we hold about you under the General Data Protection Regulation.
You can contact us to control your personal information in the following ways
Phone:  03444 824 500
Email: privacypolicyteam@scottsandco.com
Post:  Privacy Policy Team, Scotts & Co, Cotswold House, 1 Crompton Road, Groundwell, Wiltshire, SN25 5AW
Under Data Protection Regulation you have the right to lodge a complaint direct with the Information Commissioner’s Office, the way that you can contact them can be found at https://ico.org.uk/make-a-complaint/
Updates and further information
This notice was updated on 14th October 2020. It may be updated to take into account changes in regulation or legislation. Please check back to this page regularly for updates. We may also inform you of any changes when appropriate via email.
Close
×
OK
Order Enquiry
×
Track my order
Please enter your customer number or order number* plus surname and postcode to track the status of your order.
*Please ensure you include the order prefix (not just the order number), these include: S, W, RSO, RSG, DEPA, BCS, BCG, BCE, BCB, BCGD, BCSOS, BCEV and BCBL followed by the order number itself.
Customer Number
-- OR --
Order Number
Surname
Postcode
Please Note:- Items being delivered by our specialist white glove service:
This premium service also includes delivery to your room of choice, unpacking and removal of
all packaging.
If you want to try an alternative search please click HERE to return to the form.
×
Hello! We’ve noticed your internet browser hasn’t been updated for a while. You won’t be able to checkout on our website without upgrading. You will increasingly find that you are struggling with other websites too. Please click here to discover how to upgrade – it’s very simple.
Trustpilot
Sign up for Emails
Why not sign up to receive our emails. Be the first to receive new collection previews, exclusive offers, special online discounts and sales
Email Address
By signing up you consent to receive our marketing emails and agree to our privacy policy.
Visit our other brands
×
Sign up for Emails
Why not sign up to receive our emails. Be the first to receive new collection previews, exclusive offers, special online discounts and sales
Email Address
By signing up you consent to receive our marketing emails and agree to our privacy policy.
No thanks
Catalogue Request
×
Browse through our catalogues in comfort at home. You'll find lots of extra information about our great range of products. Once you've decided what to buy, come back online to order from us.
1. Select a Catalogue
Scotts of Stow
From the heart of the Cotswolds to the heart of your home… everything for the kitchen, home and garden.
Select Catalogue
Gift Discoveries
We’ve taken the hard work out of buying gifts.
The Gift Discoveries Collection we believe is fresh, exciting and offers inspired gift ideas.
Select Catalogue
Expert Verdict
At Expert Verdict we do the research so that you don’t have to. Every product is thoroughly tested to ensure it’s a ‘Best Buy’
Select Catalogue
Bloom
Discover the beauty of truly realistic silk flowers.
Every petal, bud and leaf are designed and made by hand to uncompromising standards.
Select Catalogue
2. Your Details
Title
Please select your title
Ms
Ms
Miss
Mr
Dr
Baron
Baroness
Brigadier
Canon
Colonel
Count
Countess
Dame
Dowager
Duchess
Duke
Lady
Lord
Major
Professor
Rev
Sir
The Hon
Viscount
Viscountess
Your First Name
Required
Your Last Name
Required
Email Address
Required
Phone Number
3. Address Details
Address Line 1
Required
Address Line 2
Town/City
Required
County
Country
Required
Postcode
Required
You must select at least one catalogue before continuing.
By signing up you consent to receive the catalogues you have indicated our marketing emails and agree to our privacy policy.