https://www.cigarextras.com/privacy-policy-cookie-restriction-mode/#terms-conditions
Home
/
Privacy Policy
×
Price:
Actual Price:
Add to Cart
Our price is lower than the manufacturer's "minimum advertised price."
As a result, we cannot show you the price in catalog or the product page.
You have no obligation to purchase the product once you know the price. You can simply remove the item from your cart.
Our price is lower than the manufacturer's "minimum advertised price."
As a result, we cannot show you the price in catalog or the product page.
You have no obligation to purchase the product once you know the price. You can simply remove the item from your cart.
Privacy Policy
This privacy policy sets out how CigarExtras uses and protects any information that you give CigarExtras when you use this website. CigarExtras is committed to ensuring that your privacy is protected. Should we ask you to provide certain information by which you can be identified when using this website, then you can be assured that it will only be used in accordance with this privacy statement. CigarExtras may change this policy from time to time by updating this page. You should check this page from time to time to ensure that you are happy with any changes.
What we collect
This notice applies to all information collected on the CigarExtras website or submitted to CigarExtras at any time through any Service Pages. For the exhaustive list of cookies we collect see the List of cookies we collect section.
Personal Information
When visiting CigarExtras's website or any client's website and signing up for or using CigarExtras's services through any Service Page, you may choose to supply CigarExtras with information that identifies you personally. For end-users, this information may include but is not limited to:
name
contact information including email address
gender
birthdate
occupation and industry
shipping and billing information
credit card numbers and other payment information
behavior patterns
purchase history
demographic information such as postcode, preferences and interests
other information relevant to customer surveys and/or offers
For clients, this information may include:
Client's name and contact information
Client's Website information (name, URL, visitors per day, page views per month, description, categorization)
payment information (check payee, SSN/Tax ID, bank information)
user comments
We also collect prospect information from our end-users, which may include name and contact information of individual(s) you think would be interested in our services.
Personal information is never knowingly collected from children under the age of 13. If you are the parent of a child under the age of 13 and feel we may have collected your child's information, please Contact Us and we will work to delete it.
Aggregate Information
We collect non-identifying and aggregate information to better design our website and services, and share the aggregate data with advertisers and other third parties.
What we do with the information we gather
We use the information you provide about yourself or others to complete the transaction for which the information is intended. Such transactions may include: administering a service, such as email, search, advertising sales, e-commerce; completing an order; shipping a product; replying to support requests; or contacting you if you have granted us permission to do so. Except as provided in this Privacy Policy , we do not share this information with outside parties without your permission except to the extent that is necessary to administer the services we offer our Clients and end-users or to comply in responding to subpoenas, court orders or other legal proceedings. In order to improve the quality of our service, we may also share this information with our security partners. We may also share new messages addressed to terminated accounts and messages reported as spam by our users. This information will not be used for any other purposes by us or our partners. Aggregate data may be used for other purposes as long as personal identifiable recipient information is not disclosed.
From time to time, we also use the information you provide about yourself or others to inform you of additions or improvements to the CigarExtras services as well as conduct member surveys in order to improve our services.
We may also use personally identifiable end-user information to provide targeted content and commerce opportunities to end-users based on their demographic and behavioral information.
Finally, we never use or share the personally identifiable information provided to us online in ways or for reasons unrelated to the ones described above without also providing an opportunity to opt-out or otherwise prohibit such uses.
Security
To prevent unauthorized access, maintain data accuracy, and ensure the appropriate use of information, we have put in place appropriate physical, electronic, and managerial procedures reasonably designed to safeguard and secure the information we collect online.
We use SSL (Secure Socket Layer) encryption to secure personal identification. In addition, personnel who have access to our database are trained to maintain and secure all information.
To protect your privacy and security, we will take reasonable steps to verify your identity before granting access or making corrections to your information.
How we use cookies
A cookie is a small file which asks permission to be placed on your computer's hard drive. Once you agree, the file is added and the cookie helps analyze web traffic or lets you know when you visit a particular site. Cookies allow web applications to respond to you as an individual. The web application can tailor its operations to your needs, likes and dislikes by gathering and remembering information about your preferences.
We use traffic log cookies to identify which pages are being used. This helps us analyze data about web page traffic and improve our website in order to tailor it to customer needs. We only use this information for statistical analysis purposes and then the data is removed from the system.
Overall, cookies help us provide you with a better website, by enabling us to monitor which pages you find useful and which you do not. A cookie in no way gives us access to your computer or any information about you, other than the data you choose to share with us. You can choose to accept or decline cookies. Most web browsers automatically accept cookies, but you can usually modify your browser setting to decline cookies if you prefer. This may prevent you from taking full advantage of the website.
Links to other websites
Our website may contain links to other websites of interest. However, once you have used these links to leave our site, you should note that we do not have any control over that other website. Therefore, we cannot be responsible for the protection and privacy of any information which you provide whilst visiting such sites and such sites are not governed by this privacy statement. You should exercise caution and look at the privacy statement applicable to the website in question.
How to Contact Us
Should you have other questions or concerns about this privacy policy, please contact us online or via postal mail:
3719 Corporex Park DriveSuite 50Tampa, Florida 33619
Email, and Search Specific Terms & Conditions
CigarExtras considers email transmitted via our service to be private correspondence between the sender and recipient. Therefore, we will not monitor, edit or disclose the contents of your private communications, except for reasons provided for in this privacy policy.
Content posted to public community areas is publicly available, and CigarExtras reserves the right to remove any publicly posted content that it deems to be objectionable.
Children under the age of 13 are not permitted to use this website.
List of cookies we collect
The table below lists the cookies we collect and what information they store.
COOKIE nameCOOKIE Description
CART
The association with your shopping cart.
CATEGORY_INFO
Stores the category info on the page, that allows to display pages more quickly.
COMPARE
The items that you have in the Compare Products list.
CURRENCY
Your preferred currency
CUSTOMER
An encrypted version of your customer id with the store.
CUSTOMER_AUTH
An indicator if you are currently logged into the store.
CUSTOMER_INFO
An encrypted version of the customer group you belong to.
CUSTOMER_SEGMENT_IDS
Stores the Customer Segment ID
EXTERNAL_NO_CACHE
A flag, which indicates whether caching is disabled or not.
FRONTEND
Your session ID on the server.
GUEST-VIEW
Allows guests to edit their orders.
LAST_CATEGORY
The last category you visited.
LAST_PRODUCT
The most recent product you have viewed.
NEWMESSAGE
Indicates whether a new message has been received.
NO_CACHE
Indicates whether it is allowed to use cache.
PERSISTENT_SHOPPING_CART
A link to information about your cart and viewing history if you have asked the site.
POLL
The ID of any polls you have recently voted in.
POLLN
Information on what polls you have voted on.
RECENTLYCOMPARED
The items that you have recently compared.
STF
Information on products you have emailed to friends.
STORE
The store view or language you have selected.
USER_ALLOWED_SAVE_COOKIE
Indicates whether a customer allowed to use cookies.
VIEWED_PRODUCT_IDS
The products that you have recently viewed.
WISHLIST
An encrypted list of products added to your Wishlist.
WISHLIST_CNT
The number of items in your Wishlist.
Newsletter
Sign Up for Our Newsletter:
Subscribe
Customer Service
Contact Us
813-254-6112M-F 8:30-4:30 EDT
FAQ's
Guides
Return/ExchangePolicy
Shipping Policies
WholesaleAccounts
Quick Links
Site Map
Search Terms
Advanced Search
Company
About Us
Privacy Policy
Terms & Conditions
Account
My Account
Orders and Returns
Register
Checkout
© 2020 CigarExtras.com. All Rights Reserved.