https://www.milantobacco.com/privacy.htm#security
Home
» Privacy Statement
Milan Tobacconists, Inc. promises to respect and protect your privacy.
We are committed to ensuring and earning the trust and confidence of our
customers. The following discloses our information gathering and dissemination
practices.
WE DO NOT SELL, TRADE, EXCHANGE, OR OTHERWISE
MAKE AVAILABLE ANY PERSONALLY IDENTIFIABLE INFORMATION TO ANY OTHER COMPANY
OR ORGANIZATION.
Order Forms
Our site uses an order form for customers to request information, products,
and services. We collect contact information (such as email address) and
financial information (credit card numbers). Contact information from
the order forms is used to ship purchases and/or information about our
company to the customer. The customer's contact information is also used
to get in touch with them when necessary. Financial information that is
collected is used to bill the customer for products and services ordered.
Security
This site has security measures in place to protect against the loss,
misuse and alteration of the information under our control. Our site uses
firewall and encryption technology to protect your information, and our
servers are located in a guarded co-location facility under 24-hour surveillance.
Cookies
Our site does not use cookies. Authentication information is encrypted
and passed from page to page as you use the site. If you do not use the
site for a half hour this authentication information expires.
Data Quality/Access
To modify information previously provided to this site, please send an
email to customercare@milantobacco.com
or call us toll free at 877.70MILAN.
Contacting the Web Site
If you have any questions or concerns about this privacy statement, the
practices of Milan Tobacconists, or your dealings with this web site,
please send an email to customercare@milantobacco.com
or call us toll free at 877.70MILAN.
Home
| Cigars
| Cigar Accessories
| Milan Pipe Tobacco
| Pipe Tobacco
| Pipes by Brand
| Pipe Accessories
| Lighters
Specials/What's
New
| Gift
Ideas
| About
Us | Contact
Us | News
& Events | FAQs
| The
Politics of Smoking
A Member of the
Premium Cigar Association
Formerly IPCPR
Shipping
& Returns     Site
Map     Privacy     Legal     Security
This GeoTrust
Certified secure site accepts:
A Great American Cigar Shop™
and Member of Cigar Rights of America's
National Tobacconist Program
Milan Tobacconists, Inc.  •
309 South Jefferson Street, Roanoke, VA 24011  •  Toll
Free 877-70MILAN (64526)  •  customercare@milantobacco.com
Since 1912, Providing Premium Cigars, Quality Pipes, High Grade Pipe Tobacco,
and Related Accessories to Discerning Cigar and Pipe Smokers From Our
Tobacco Shop in Roanoke, Virginia, USA.
Join Milan Tobacconists on Facebook, Twitter, Instagram, YouTube, and Pinterest for Real-Time
Updates on New Cigars, Pipes, Pipe Tobacco, Accessories,
Specials, and Other News!
IMPORTANT NOTICE: Milan
Tobacconists does not sell cigarettes on this site, nor do we sell tobacco
or related products to anyone under the age of 21. By entering this site,
you certify that you are at least 21 years old and consent to an age and
identity verification to validate that fact. Misrepresentation of your
age and identity may be punishable by law.  © 2000-2020 Milan Tobacconists,
Inc. All Rights Reserved.