http://www.ursawagon.com/privacy-statement
Home
Accessories
Parts
Reviews
Your Satisfaction
Manuals
FAQs
Contact Us
Company Story
Why is it called Ursa?
Privacy Statement
Menu
We consider your privacy and information to be something very special that you have entrusted to us. We have developed this privacy statement to make sure you understand how and when we will use the information you provide on this Web site.This Web site collects no personal information from you unless you e-mail or order from us. Then we collect only the information you elect to send.The www.ursawagon.com Web site does not use cookies. However, Ursa, Inc.'s credit processor may use cookies when you place your secure on-line order. Please see their privacy policy for further information.The www.ursawagon.com server does log standard Web visit information such as browser type, date and time of visit, Web pages accessed, etc. None of this information is particular to you.When you send us e-mail, we use your email address to reply. Your email, and our reply, may be stored by Ursa, Inc.When you place an order, your email address may be provided to Federal Express, United Parcel Service or the US Postal Service solely for the purposes of providing you with tracking numbers for your shipment.We may also use your e-mail address. From time to time, Ursa, Inc. contacts customers to communicate new developments, useful tips or promotions pertaining to our products. Any communication from Ursa, Inc. will be accompanied by an "unsubscribe" option. If you prefer not to receive communications like these, please contact us.Unless otherwise instructed, Ursa, Inc. may share your contact information with companies whose products or services we think will be of interest to you. We are very sensitive to "spam" issues and will ensure that your contact information is only shared with select, reputable firms having clear privacy policies. If you prefer that your contact information not be shared with other companies, please contact us.The security of your information is very important to us. We use firewalls and have security measures in place at our facility to protect against misuse of information that we have collected from you.If you have any questions, please contact us.
Contact us here. | © 2003-2019 Ursa Wagon, Inc. All rights reserved. | Brand by Holland Wood.