http://www.freeze247.com/pages/privacy-policy
Browse
Close menu
Search
Shop
See More
"Close Bag"
MOISTURIZERS
CLEANSERS
EXFOLIATORS
SERUMS
TREATMENTS
EYE CARE
MASKS
new
best sellers
anti-aging
about us
See More
"Close Bag"
our story
technology
before & after
Log in
Create account
Shopping Bag
"Close Bag"
Home
/
Privacy Policy
Privacy Policy
Freeze247.com collects personally identifying information only during contest, sweepstakes, commerce transactions and site membership or newsletter registration. In addition, information is collected in certain portions of the site in which guests specifically and knowingly provide such information along with content submissions, community postings, suggestions, or voting. Freeze247.com may use such information for editorial and feedback purposes (to the extent that is explained when guests provide the information). In the event Freeze247.com plans to post any such information on a site, guests are provided prior notification of such posting and can decline from having such information posted. Policies for Individuals 16 and Under: No information should be submitted to or posted at Freeze247.com by children 16 years of age or under without their parent's or guardian's consent.
Unless otherwise disclosed during collection, Freeze247.com does not provide any personally identifying information, regardless of its source, to any third party for any purpose whatsoever.
Although children are allowed to participate in contests, children ages 16 and under must get their parent's or guardian's permission before entering any sweepstakes or contests. No information collected from children 16 years of age or under is used by Freeze247.com for any marketing or promotional purposes whatsoever, either inside or outside Freeze247.com.
Guests' e-mail addresses are never posted on Freeze247.com
Freeze247.com encourages parents and guardians to spend time online with their children and to participate in the interactive activities offered on the sites.
Policies for Individuals Over 16 Years of Age:
Information submitted at the time of any form of registration by a guest who is over 16 years of age may be used for marketing and promotional purposes by Freeze247.com including email-based communications. Freeze247.com does not share this information with other companies. If a guest objects to such use for any reason, he/she may stop that use at any time by written request. The request should be sent to us at:
Freeze247.com Privacy Policy
TPR Holdings, LLC
New York, NY 10022
Freeze247.com hosts the e-commerce store pages, ordering system, and ordering data storage and collects order information for this purpose.
Use of Cookies:
What are cookies? Cookies are pieces of information that a Web site transfers to an individual's hard drive for record-keeping purposes while at the site.
Cookies make Web-surfing easier by saving your passwords, purchases, and preferences for you. The use of cookies is an industry standard, and you'll find cookies at most major Web sites. Freeze247.com does not use cookies to retrieve information from your computer that you have not authorized. We use cookies to create general usage statistics and to help make Freeze247.com better by showing us how and when guests use the site. We do not share any information with other companies. Browsing and purchasing on Freeze247.com is completely safe and secure.
Freeze247.com does not share information with any third parties whatsoever. Freeze247.com does not use cookies to retrieve information from your computer that was not originally sent in a cookie.
Many content improvements and updates are based on such data as total number of visitors and pages viewed. This statistical information is most easily tracked with cookies.
Most browsers are initially set to accept cookies. If you'd prefer, you can set yours to refuse cookies. However, it is possible that some areas of the site will not function properly if you do so.
Freeze247.com reserves the right to change this policy at any time by notifying guests of the existence of a new privacy policy.
Email Us:
customersupport@freeze247.com
Quantity
Add to Bag