http://www.distinctive-urns.com/privacy.pnt
WELCOME
KEEPSAKE JEWELRY
CREMATION JEWELRY
FLAG CASES
VETERAN URNS
GARDEN URNS
SCATTERING URNS
BRONZE & METAL URNS
WOOD URNS
CLOISONNE URNS
COMPANION URNS
MARBLE & STONE URNS
CERAMIC URNS
STATUARY & ARTISTIC URNS
INFANT AND CHILD URNS
KEEPSAKE URNS
MINI KEEPSAKES
INFANT KEEPSAKES
PET MEMORIAL URNS
PET MEMORIAL MARKERS
Online Privacy Statement
What personally identifiable information of yours is collected from you through the web site or from third parties
The organization collecting the information
How the information is used
With whom the information may be shared
The choices available to you regarding collection, use and distribution of the information
The kind of security procedures that Distinctive Urns has in place to protect against
the loss, misuse or alteration of information under its control
How you can correct any inaccuracies in the information.
If you feel that Distinctive Urns is not abiding by its posted privacy policy, you should contact the Internet Services Department by telephone at 1-800-325-8508 or 1-614-268-8200, e-mail at service@distinctive-urns.com, postal mail at 220 South State Street Westerville, OH 43081 Phone: (614) 882-2121
Information Collection and Use
Distinctive Urns is the sole owner of the information collected on this site.
We will not sell, share, or rent this information to others in ways different from that disclosed in this statement.
Distinctive Urns collects information from our users in several different ways on our website.
Order
We request information from the user on our order form.
Here a user must provide contact information (like name and shipping address) and financial information (like credit card number and expiration date).
This information is used for billing purposes and to fill customer's orders.
If we have trouble processing an order, this contact information is used to get in touch with the user.
Cookies
A cookie is a piece of data stored on the user's hard drive containing information about the user.
Distinctive Urns uses cookies only to identify each user's session. If a user has supplied personally identifiable information as part of the ordering process, then the cookie can be linked to such information. However, once the user closes their browser, the cookie simply terminates, and the shopping cart data at the www.distinctive-urns.com Website expires within 2 hours. Completion of an order also causes shopping cart data to be removed from the web site. For instance, by setting a cookie on our site, the user could interrupt the ordering process with visits to non-related sites without losing his/her shopping cart data. If a user rejects the cookie, they may still use our site.
The only drawback to this is that the user must be careful to return to the www.distinctive-urns.com Website via the "Back" button on his/her browser after visiting non-related sites.
Log Files
We use IP addresses, dates, times, document requested, referring address and
user agent to analyze trends, administer the site, track user's movement, and
gather broad demographic information for aggregate use. IP addresses are not
linked to personally identifiable information.
Sharing
We do not share aggregated demographic information.
We use an Internet hosting company for distinctive-urns.com. This company does not retain, share, store or use personally identifiable information for any secondary purposes.
Links
This web site contains links to other sites. Please be aware that Distinctive Urns is not responsible for the privacy practices of such other sites.
We encourage our users to be aware when they leave our site and to read the privacy statements of each and every web site that collects personally identifiable information.
This privacy statement applies solely to information collected by this Web site.
Security
This website takes every precaution to protect our users’ information.
When users submit sensitive information via the website, their information is protected both online and off-line.
When our registration/order form asks users to enter sensitive information (such as credit card number and/or social security number), that information is encrypted and is protected with the best encryption software in the industry - SSL.
While on a secure page, such as our order form, the lock icon on the bottom of Web browsers such as Netscape Navigator and Microsoft Internet Explorer becomes locked, as opposed to un-locked, or open, as when you are just ‘surfing’.
To learn more about SSL, follow this link: http://webopedia.internet.com/TERM/S/SSL.html.
After order forms are submitted, the data is encrypted using the PGP program and sent to the Distinctive Urns fulfillment center. The sensitive data is then removed from the Website. To learn more about the PGP program, follow this link: http://www.pgp.com/.
While we use SSL and PGP encryption to protect sensitive information online, we also do everything in our power to protect user-information off-line.
All of our users’ information, not just the sensitive information mentioned above, is restricted in our fulfillment center and offices.
Only employees who need the information to perform a specific job (for example, our billing clerk or a customer service representative) are granted access to personally identifiable information. Furthermore, ALL employees are kept up-to-date on our security and privacy practices.
Bimonthly, as well as any time new policies are added, our employees are notified and/or reminded about the importance we place on privacy, and what they must do to ensure our customers' information is protected.
Finally, the Internet servers that we store personally identifiable information on are in a limited access environment at out hosting company’s facility, and the fulfillment center is protected by video surveillance and alarm systems.
If you have any questions about the security at our Website, you can send an email to security@distinctive-urns.com.
Fulfillment and Comments
We communicate with customers to resolves issues that arise in connection with completing orders or in response to comments submitted during registration or via e-mail. We communicate with the user to provide requested services and in regards to issues relating to their account via email or phone.
Correction/Updating Personal Information:
If a user's personally identifiable information changes (such as his/her zip code), or if a user no longer desires any/all of the communications received from or through Distinctive Urns, we will correct, update or remove that user's personal data and preferences, as appropriate.
This can be done by telephone at 1-614-890-2121, e-mail at service@distinctive-urns.com, postal mail at 220 South State Street , Westerville, Ohio 43081, and fax at 1-614-890-2212.
Choice/Opt-in
Our users are given the opportunity to 'opt-in' to having their information used for purposes not directly related to our site when we ask for the information.
For example, our order form has an 'opt-in' mechanism so users who buy a product from us, but don't want any marketing material, can keep their email address off of our shared lists.
Currently, Distinctive Urns collects all user information at this Web site. Before any other party collects user information, users will be notified that their information is being collected by an outside party and be offered a choice as to whether or not to proceed.
Notification of Changes
If at any time we change the manner in which we use personally identifiable information from that stated at the time it was collected, users will have a choice whether or not we use their data in this different manner. We will notify users of the change via e-mail. Unless a user agrees to the change, will use his/her information in accordance with the privacy policy under which the information was collected.
About us
Contact us
Privacy Policy
Questionnaire
Sales Terms
View Order
Checkout