http://www.kidcarpet.com/pages/privacy-policy
Skip to content
Phone: 727-474-3982
Fax: 513-672-9624
Click Here for toll free number
Why buy from KidCarpet.com
What you need to know before you buy
Login
/ Join
/
Search
0 / $0.00
Cart
Facebook
Pinterest
Instagram
Home
About Us
Products
Classroom Rugs
Factory Direct Rugs
Alphabet Rugs
Number and Math Rugs
Classroom Seating Rugs
Circle Time Rugs
Religious Rugs
Nursery and Preschool Rugs
Animal Rugs and Nature
Map Rugs and Globe Rugs
Road Rugs and Town Rugs
Bilingual Rugs
Ships in 3-5 Days
Shape Rugs
Ocean and Sea Rugs
Music Rugs
Rug Shape
Square/Rectangle Rugs
Round/Oval Rugs
Circle Rugs
Semicircle Rugs
Quarter Circle Rugs
Rug Sizes
Small Rugs (3'x5', 4'x6', and 5'x5')
Medium Rugs (6'x6', 5'x8', and 6'x9')
Large Rugs (8'x10', 7'x12', 8'x12', and 9'x12')
Extra Large Rugs (12'x10' and up to 12'x24')
Patterns
Wall to Wall Carpet
Solid Color Rugs
Earth Tone Rugs
Montessori Rugs
Stripes and Simple Pattern Rugs
Holiday Rugs
Discounts
On SALE Now!
Factory Direct
Second Quality
Discount
Contact Us
Privacy Policy
What type of security and privacy measures does KidCarpet.com have in place?
Security:KidCarpet.com has security measures in place to protect the loss, misuse and alteration of the information under our control. This site uses SSL technology to securely transmit all credit card information.
Privacy
KidCarpet.com has created this privacy statement in order to demonstrate our strong commitment to your privacy. The following discloses our information gathering and dissemination practices for KidCarpet.com.
Our web site uses cookies to keep track of the items in your shopping cart.
Our site uses a form to collect information (name and email address) from visitors who sign up for our Newsletter. This information is used to provide them with periodic updates on new classroom rugs and other new styles offered at KidCarpet.com. This information is kept private and is not shared with any other party.
Our site uses an order form for customers to order products. We collect visitor's contact information (like their e-mail address) and financial information (like their credit card numbers). Contact information from the order form is only used to fulfill customer's requests. The customer's contact information is only used to allow KidCarpet.com representatives to contact customers when necessary. Financial information that is collected is used only to charge the customer for products and services they request.
Left
Continue shopping
Your Order
You have no items in your cart
Subtotal:
$0.00
View Cart