http://www.outpost.com/template/help/index/FE30/Service3/Assistance/Left_Topics/A2FindingProducts?site=csfooter_G
Finding Products
With
Frys.com's extraordinary selection of consumer electronics, we're sure to
have the items you want. As you explore the site, you can return to our home
page by clicking on the top Frys.com logo or on the "home" button
at the bottom of each page.
Now, with such a wide selection of products, how can you find the ones
you want? We make it easy to browse or search!
Multi-Level Menus
Our mouse rollover menus are designed to enable you to quickly browse
from the main tabs at the top of each page to the subcategories they
include. Use this feature to quickly explore the aisles of the Frys.com store. When you find what you seek, click your mouse to jump right to
that category.
Product Search
Executing a search will result in a list of items containing your search
word. To view product information for one of the listed items, click on the
product name. You can use our Product Search to quickly locate items by
keyword, manufacturer name, product category, product name, or item number
(Frys.com #). If your search is unsuccessful, try an alternate spelling
or take a look at our Search Tips page.
Category Search
The category search is an added feature: when you enter search words
that are general enough to also be the names of main categories, we will
return the names of those pages-each with many products fitting your
search-as well as a list of specific products.
Browsing by Category
If you are interested in products within a certain category, try
clicking on the tabs provided for each of our product categories including
PC Computers, Electronics, Video Games, Office and Cameras. We provide tabs
on all pages for each product category.
Clicking on one these buttons
displays product categories that lead to a list of products within that
category. For example, to find desktop publishing software, click on the
"Computer"
tab and then on the subcategory "Software." Click on the
"Graphics & Design" section provided on the left side of the page
and
finally on "Desktop Publishing." This produces a list of all desktop
publishing software available on our site. If you would like to restrict
the computer product listing to either Mac or PC compatible products, click
on the "PC" or "MAC" portion of the sections listing provided for each
subcategory. All subcategory listings displayed will be limited to the
chosen platform until you click on a main category button again.
You can use category product lists to compare manufacturers, price, and
availability, then click on the product name to get more information about a
product.
Still can't find what you want?
Please email a friendly Sales Associate at sales@cs.frys.com.
jback114