https://www.tights-for-men.com/privacy
Home
Log In
Homepage ::
New Products ::
Specials ::
All Products ::
Terms and Conditions ::
Privacy ::
Contact Us
Categories
Accessories (5)
Anime/Manga/Cosplay Related (11)
Bodywear (9)
Briefs (11)
Control-Top Tights (2)
Footless Tights (3)
Hosiery with a Fly Opening (1)
Leggings (7)
Logowear (5)
Opaque Tights (24)
Sheer Tights (14)
Sheer-To-Waist (STW) Tights (10)
Shorts (4)
Support Tights (4)
Thigh-Highs & Socks (5)
Unisex Items (18)
Winter Tights (12)
Specials ...
All Products ...
Bestsellers
Adrian 'Street' 20 Denier...
Adrian 'City' 60 Denier...
L4M 220 Men's Short Sleeved...
Adrian 'Hunter' 100 Denier...
Adrian 'Urban' 20 Denier Sheer...
Collanto LegSupport70 Sheer Tights
L4M 1010 Unisex Opaque Thigh-Highs
Doyeah 5237 Seamless Sheer Briefs
L4M 640 Men's 'Denim-look' Leggings
Cards Accepted
Reviews  [more]
These are the 70 denier brothers to the LegSupport 40...
Currencies
GB Pound
Manufacturers
Please select ...
Please Select
Adrian
Collanto
Doyeah
EasyTherm
ELA
Evona
Glamory For Men
Legwear Express
Legwear4Men
Nur Die of Germ..
TIMLegwear
UFASH
Home ::
Privacy Notice
Privacy Notice
Legwear4Men values its customers and respects their privacy; we are fully committed to protecting you while you shop on our web site. As soon as you finish putting items in your shopping cart and click on "Process Order", the next web page is on the secure part of the PayPal server. You should see the "http://" change to "https://" (the "s" indicates "secure") and the lock symbol should show on the bottom of your screen.We collect customer information in an effort to improve your shopping experience and to communicate with you about our products, services and promotions.We do not share, sell or trade this information, including e-mail addresses, information collected as part of a survey, or any specific details about you. We will not send you any catalogues or promotional material by post. We do not participate in or contribute to shared or cooperative databases that give other companies access to your personal information. We do not release credit card or financial information for use by other organisations. And once your information is entrusted to our use, it is never on the Internet again.The PayPal server uses Secure Sockets Layer technology to protect the security of your credit card information as it is being transmitted. It was designed to provide government level security for your credit card transactions. For both privacy and security reasons, all transactional information communicated between customers and our web site, including all credit card and other personal information, is encrypted before transmission to prevent possible third party interception. We never use credit card numbers in e-mail and we encourage customers not to do so either.We value the trust you place in us, and we understand the importance of maintaining and using customer information responsibly. We want you to shop with confidence.
Home
::
Privacy
::
Site Map
::
Size Chart
Copyright © 2020 First4Legwear. Powered by Zen Cart Ecommerce Website Management by OpenGlobal Ecommerce