http://www.obenaufs.com/terms_privacy.asp
Go!
Obenaufs
Products
Heavy Duty LP
Leather Oil
Water Shield
Economical Packages
Boot Laces
Leather Cleaner
Instant Shine
Leather Care
Why Choose Obenauf's?
3 Step Process
Quick Tips for Leather Care
Facts, Problems and Solutions
How To Apply
Applications
Leather Work Boots
Leather Garments
Leather Furniture
Horse and Tack
Firefighter Leather
Obenauf's on Wood
Testimonials
Article Reviews
Video Reviews & Guides
About Us
Obenauf's Story
Your Best Leather Protection
Contact Us
FAQ
Store Locator
Products
Heavy Duty LP
Leather Oil
Water Shield
Economical Packages
Boot Laces
Leather Cleaner
Instant Shine
Leather Care
Why Choose Obenauf's?
3 Step Process
Quick Tips for Leather Care
Facts, Problems and Solutions
How To Apply
Applications
Leather Work Boots
Leather Garments
Leather Furniture
Horse and Tack
Firefighter Leather
Obenauf's on Wood
Testimonials
Article Reviews
Video Reviews & Guides
About Us
Obenauf's Story
Your Best Leather Protection
Contact Us
FAQ
Store Locator
PRIVACY POLICY
PRIVACY POLICY
This privacy policy
has been compiled to better serve those who are concerned with how their
Personally Identifiable Information (PII) is being used online. PII, as
described by
US OMB Memorandum M-07-16, refers to information that can be used
on its own or with other linkable information to distinguish or trace an
individual’s identity. This may include:
Your
name, company, billing, shipping & email address’, phone number
Your
user ID and password
Your
computer’s IP address
Credit
card information
Please read our
privacy policy carefully to get a clear understanding of how we collect, use,
protect or otherwise handle your PII when: visiting our website, phoning us to
make a purchase or sending informative emails.
Personal Data
Collected
We gather personal
information to meet business needs when you visit our website, open an account,
and place an order with a payment process. Information required to complete an
order:
full name, phone number, billing, shipping, & email address’, and
payment information
. Upon completion, an invoice will be automatically emailed
to the address you provided. The invoice will contain the personal information
you entered.
Obenauf’s Inc. only
ships to Canada or within the USA. All other International purchases can only
be processed through our partner, Global Checkout, or any other freight
forwarder you use. Global Checkout requires an account be established with the
needed personal information to complete your purchase. They are responsible for
your personal account and information. Read
Global Checkout Privacy Policy.
Account registration
allows you to save your payment information but requires a password for your
security. You can login at any time to delete your account information or
change your password. However, orders can be placed with no account
registration required.
We gather personal
information over the telephone when you phone us to place an order or request
help with your account. This information is only used to fill out the required
fields at our website. The only reason we will telephone you, is to clarify errors
or request changes to personal information you shared upon placing an order,
for the purpose of completing and shipping the purchase to you.
To voluntarily sign
up for our occasional Newsletter requires your name and email address. We use
MailChimp’s email service to manage this information and send emails. To see
how they handle your personal information, read
MailChimps Privacy Policy.
Our website orders
are shipped with USPS or FedEx to the name and shipping address you provide. To
see how they handle your personal data read their Privacy Policy:
United States Postal Service (USPS)
Federal Express (FedEx)
Age of Consent
Our website is not
directed to children under 13 years of age. When it comes to the collection of
personal information from children under the age of 13 years old, the
Children’s Online Privacy Protection Act
(COPPA) puts parents in control.
Parents are encouraged to supervise a child’s use of our website.
Data Collection
Through Cookies
See our Cookie
Policy to understand tracking tools.
Link: Obenauf's Cookie Policy
How Your Data is Used
We may use the
personal information we collect from you when you register, make a purchase,
sign up for our newsletter, surf our website, or use any other site features in
the following ways:
To
respond to your customer service needs
To
process your transactions
To
send emails regarding your order, or other services
For
fraud or risk assessment (Computer IP Address)
As
required by law
We do not sell, rent
or trade your personal information to third parties.
We use third party
payment processors for purchases and share your PII payment information
securely with them. How they use your PII is governed by their prospective
Privacy Policies as well as the
PCI Data Security Standard. For more
information, see Third Party Services below.
Protecting Your
Information
To protect your
personal information, we take reasonable precautions and follow industry best
practices to make sure it is not inappropriately lost, misused, accessed,
disclosed, altered or destroyed. Your personal information is contained behind
secured networks and only accessible by a limited number of persons who have
special access rights to these systems and are required to keep the information
confidential. All sensitive data (credit card numbers) is encrypted with
industry standard
Secure Sockets Layer (SSL) technology from Volusion.
Our website host is
Volusion, they serve as a data processor on our behalf. To see how they secure
your personal information, read their
Volusion Privacy Policy
We will retain your
personal information for as long as your account is active or for as long as
needed to provide customer service, fulfill business needs, and to comply with
the law. How long your personal information is retained may vary.
User and event data
retention setting within Google Inc. is set by us to be retained for 26 months.
We do not use Google’s User-ID feature. For more information see
Google’s Data Privacy and Security.
Although no method
of transmission over the Internet or electronic storage is 100% secure, we
follow all requirements and implement additional generally accepted industry
standards.
Third-Party Services
In general, the
third-party providers used by us will only collect, use and disclose your
information to the extent necessary to allow them to perform the services they
provide to us.
However, certain
third-party service providers, such as payment gateways and other payment
transaction processors, have their own privacy policies in respect to the
information we are required to provide to them for your purchase-related
transactions. For these providers, we recommend that you read their privacy
policies so you can understand the manner in which your personal information
will be handled by these providers.
In particular,
remember that certain providers may be located in or have facilities that are
located in a different jurisdiction than either you or us. So if you elect to
proceed with a transaction that involves the services of a third-party service
provider, then your information may become subject to the laws of the
jurisdiction(s) in which that service provider or its facilities are located.
As an example, if
you are located in Canada and your transaction is processed by a payment
gateway located in the United States, then your personal information used in
completing that transaction may be subject to disclosure under United States
legislation, including the Patriot Act.
Once you leave our
store’s website or are redirected to a third-party website or application, you
are no longer governed by this Privacy Policy or our website’s Terms of
Service.
European Economic
Area (EEA) Residents
Obenauf’s only
operates in the United States. If you are located in the EEA, using our website
will transfer your personal information to the United States. We will only use
your personal information for legitimate business interests and will not sell,
rent, or trade your PII. Under the European law regarding your personal data,
you have the right to request access to, correct, amend, delete or limit the
use of your personal data. If you are a resident of the EEA and you want to
exercise these rights, please contact us by emailing
support@obenaufs.com.
Changes to this
Privacy Policy
We reserve the right
to modify this privacy policy at any time, so please review it frequently.
Changes and clarifications will take effect immediately upon their posting on
the website.
If our store is
acquired or merged with another company, your information may be transferred to
the new owners so that we may continue to sell products to you.
Contacting Us
If you would like
to: access, correct, amend or delete any personal information we have about
you, register a complaint, or simply want more information contact our Privacy
Compliance Officer at
support@obenaufs.com or by US mail at:
Obenauf’s Inc
20688 Big Canyon Rd
Peck ID 83545Last modified on 3/20/2019 by: Internet Marketing Coordinator, ESB