http://www.1800usaband.com/policies
Woodwinds
Brasswinds
Percussion
Strings
Accessories
Services & Resources
Contact Us
1-800-872-2263
Wish List
Sign In
Woodwinds
Brasswinds
Percussion
Strings
Accessories
Services & Resources
Contact Us
Search
All Categories
AccessoriesBrasswindsPercussionStringsWoodwinds
Call us for your Holiday Shopping Needs! Curbside Delivery, Ship or Stop In!
Contact Information
1800USABAND.com & taylormusic.com are owned and operated by Taylor Music, Inc. in Aberdeen, South Dakota. Contact Information is as follows:
Taylor Music, Inc.513 South Main StreetAberdeen, SD 57401
Toll Free: 1-800-872-2263Local: 1-605-225-1335Fax #: 1-605-225-2051Email: music@taylormusic.com
Store Hours: 8:30 - 5:30 CST Monday - Friday
Secure Transactions
This website incorporates today's SSL (Secure Sockets Layer) Technology to ensure your information is sent to us encrypted and secure. Be assured your information is safe and secure when submitting your order.
See our Privacy Pledge for more information on secure transactions.
Payment Methods Available
Paying with Credit Cards
We accept Visa, MasterCard, Discover and American Express Credit Cards. To avoid any processing delays, please provide the credit cardholder's name and address on file with the credit card issuing bank. For the protection of our customers, all credit card orders are subject to name and address verification.
Checks & Money Orders
We accept Checks and Money Orders for mail orders. Simply complete the online shopping cart with your product choices and shipping information. Print out the cart's information and mail it in to us with your check or money order.
A $40 fee will be charged for returned checks.
COD is not available.
School Purchases
We Welcome School Purchase Orders! Schools wishing to place an order on-line, select School Purchase Order from the Payment Method option during the check-out process.
Avoid Duplicate OrdersIf you have placed your school purchase order online and wish to Fax/Mail in the hard copy, you may do so by faxing it to 1-605-225-2051. However, write Confirmation of Order Only, otherwise you may receive your order in duplicate.
Shipping & Verifying School Orders
All school orders will be shipped to their official school address only. For security reasons, it may be necessary for us to verify your order with the school. To avoid processing delays, please provide the most accurate billing and shipping information available.
School Payment Terms
Payment on school orders is due within 30 days from receiving your merchandise. Your school will receive a monthly statement along with invoice copies.
Order Processing
When placing an order online you will receive an email confirming our receipt of the order. Orders begin processing upon receipt and are normally shipped within 2-3 business days. If there is a delay in your order we will notify you by email or by phone.
Back Ordered Items
There are times when an item may be backordered. If any product is not available, we will contact you by email or phone with up to date delivery information.
Special Order Items
Special Order items carry a 20% Factory Restocking Fee if the item is returned. If a product you ordered is a Special Order item, you will be notified BEFORE THE ORDER IS PLACED WITH THE FACTORY regarding the 20% restocking fee charge policy.
Charges To Your Credit Card
Items are not charged to your credit card until shipment. If an item needs to be ordered, we will obtain an authorization number on your credit card to verify and hold the funds necessary for your purchase. However, your account will not be charged until it is time to ship the item to you.*
*Note: Some items are considered to be Special Order items. Payment may be required to be charged to your credit card before special ordering your merchandise. See above for more information on Special Order items.
Trade-In Instruments
We take all instruments on trade. If you purchase an instrument from us at the With Trade Price, you will be given a trade allowance for the value of your instrument trade. Instrument trade-in guidelines:
Trade-in instruments must be complete and playable.*Trade-in instruments are due within 30 days of receiving your purchaseTrade-in instruments should be sent prepaid to:
Taylor Music, Inc.  513 South Main Street  Aberdeen, SD 57401
A return label will be included with your invoice for your convenience in shipping your trade instrument. *Broken instruments, or those missing parts, may have their trade value reduced.
Instrument Warranties
Standard Instrument Purchases:
New & Demo Model Instruments:
Each Manufacturer offers its own warranty on their product. Specific warranty information is provided with your instrument purchase. To make sure you instrument is fully covered, refer to your warranty information card sent with your purchase and mail it in to the manufacturer. Should your new instrument need warranty service preformed, contact us directly at 1-800-872-2263.
Important:  Do not send the instrument to the manufacturer as warranty claims/service must be processed through an authorized dealer.
Reconditioned, Econo Overhauled, Refinished Overhauled and Used Instruments:1 Year Adjustment & Service Warranty provided by Taylor Music.
Our Adjustment and Service Warranty
The Adjustment & Service Warranty covers adjustments and defects in material or workmanship for one-full year from date of purchase. Wood instruments are covered against cracking for six months during which we will repair the section by pinning, or replacement. This warranty does not cover any damage caused by negligence, willful destruction, or normal wear. Repairs are made at No Charge here at our repair facility. You pay for shipping in and we pay for shipping back out.
Warranty Policies for Purchase Contracts:
For Individuals:
Beginner Instruments Purchased on our 30 Month Purchase Contract.Free servicing for entire length of contract.See Contract Terms for more information.
For Schools:
School Purchase Contracts ~ 3, 4 & 5 Annual Payment Plans. Free servicing for entire length of contract.
Privacy Pledge
Your privacy is protected. We do not sell our customer list. Your information is used only for processing your order. Please see our detailed Privacy Policy for further information.
Conditions of Use Policy
Please see our detailed Conditions of Use Policy before using this site. By visiting or otherwise using or accessing the taylormusic.com Site, you acknowledge that you have read, understood, and agree to be bound by these Conditions of Use Policy terms and that you agree to comply with all laws and regulations. If you are dissatisfied with the Site or any content on the Site or with these Conditions of Use, your sole and exclusive remedy is to discontinue using the Site.
School Services
Beginner Band PricesBeginner Band Video30 Payment Terms10 Payment TermsSchool Payment PlansSchool Purchase OrdersInstrument TradingRepair Department
Customer Services
Conditions of UseAbout UsPoliciesShipping & ReturnsFAQInstrument Care
Links
Manufacturers
Hours of Operation
Mon-Fri:  8:30-5:30 CSTPhone 1-800-872-2263Fax 1-605-225-2051513 S Main St • Aberdeen, SD 57401
FAQ's, Services, Resources
FAQ'sRepair DeptServices
Purchasing Co-Ops
We are an awarded BuyBoard vendor & other purchasing cooperatives.