http://www.shopwildthings.com/privacy-policy/
Ends Friday December 11, 2020!Orders $500+ Take 15% off w/Coupon "BIG15" & Get FREE Shipping!Orders $99+ Take 10% off w/Coupon "TENWOW" & Get FREE Shipping!Orders $49+ take 10% off w/Coupon "TENWOW" & Flat Rate Shipping!
Home
Privacy Policy
This site is hosted by BigCommerce. BigCommerce hosts the store pages, ordering system, and order data. Yahoo! automatically collects order information but may only use this information in the aggregate.
BigCommerce uses Secure Sockets Layer {SSL} encryption to ensure that your information will remain confidential. Shopwildthings, Inc. is constantly striving to provide excellent service to you, our customers, while building a long-lasting relationship. To achieve these goals, we occasionally need information about you when you visit our site.
Shopwildthings, Inc. respects your right to privacy. When you visit our site, you may be providing information to us on two different levels about your visit:
Anonymous statistics collected as you browse the site and,
Personal information you knowingly give us.
We want you to be aware of how we handle this information.
Our Commitment to Your Privacy
Shopwildthings, Inc. would like to assure you that we do not:
Collect personal information from you unless you provide it to us.
Provide or sell the names and addresses of our customers [site users] to outside vendors.
Shopwildthings, Inc. does:
Safeguard customers' information from unauthorized access.
Collect, maintain and use customer information as necessary to provide the most helpful and targeted products and services to meet customers' needs (e.g. customer care or new products or services.)
Honor customers' requests to remove their names from our e-mail solicitation lists. (Just contact us.)
Honor customers' requests to remove all of their data from our system in compliance with CCPA Guidelines.Read the full Bill Text Here
Maintain confidentiality of customer information when undertaking projects with other companies.
Shopwildthings, Inc. values your privacy, and we reinforce this belief throughout our organization. Your information will be protected as described, unless a specific web page says otherwise.
Information this Site Gathers/Tracks
As you browse the site, Shopwildthings.com's Web servers collect information about your visit, not about you personally. Via Web server logs, we monitor statistics such as:
How many people visit our site
Which pages people visit on our site
From which domains our visitors come (e.g., "mindspring.net" or "aol.com")
Which browsers people use to visit our site
While we may gather this information, none of it is associated with you as an individual. We use these statistics to improve our Web site, to monitor its performance, and to make it easier for you and other visitors to use.
If you have any questions about our Privacy Policy, please do not hesitate to contact us.
×
OK