http://www.filgoods.com/privacypolicy.php
F I L G O O D SINTERNATIONAL
Home | Shop | Recipes | Contact Us
View Cart | Order Status
Recipe Corner
Crab and Shrimp Guisado
Tomato sauce complements seafood deliciously, Saucy-special, Saucy-sarap!
» more ...
M E N U
About Us
Contact Us
Return Policy
Email Feedback
Privacy Policy
Terms & Conditions
Sign Up and Get the latest hot offers, delivered to you!
Enter Email Address:
We accept these cards.
Privacy Policy
Filgoods International deeply values your privacy. All personal information you have entered in our website will be only used to process your orders efficiently and to provide you with excellent service and personalized shopping experience. This policy statement informs you on how and why we collect information from you and how we use that information. Our policies and systems are designed to provide you with a private, secure means of interacting and communicating with us.
We encourage you to read through and understand our entire Privacy Policy. Please contact us at support@filgoods.com if you have any questions about it.
Your Privacy:At filgoods.com, our goal is to provide you with personalized and customized shopping experience. To accomplish this successfully, we may ask you to provide personal information when you visit certain areas of our sites, complete surveys, submit content, take assessments, subscribe to a newsletter, or ask us for additional information.
We only collect personally identifiable information from you when you voluntarily submit it. Providing your personally identifiable information to filgoods.com is optional for using filgoods.com. If you choose not to provide your personal information, you can still visit some these sites. However, you won't be able to experience special functionalities or receive information and advice that is tailored to your needs.
If you don't want filgoods.com or selected third parties to contact you, you may opt out when you provide personal information or contact us directly to let us know. For instructions on how to do so, please see the Contact Us section below. In case you change your mind or some of your personal information changes (such as your phone number or zip code), you can correct, update, or remove the personal data you give us. You can do this at the member information page or by contacting our Privacy Coordinator at privacy@filgoods.com.
Use of Information:
We collect your personal information you provide to us because we want to deliver a personalized shopping experience for you and we want to tailor the content, services, and advertising on our website to your current and future needs.
We may on occasion provide aggregate information about our users to third parties, but we will never disclose individual information, except where required by law.
If you provide us with your email address, we may use this information to alert you to new products, special offers, updated information, and new services.
In addition, in connection with an assignment, sale, joint venture, or other transfer or disposition of some or all assets of filgoods.com, you agree that we can assign, sell, license, or transfer to the third-party transferee any information, including personally identifying information, you have provided to us.
Filgoods.com may disclose visitor information in special cases when we have reason to believe that doing so is necessary to identify, contact, restrain, or bring legal action against someone who may be causing (intentionally or unintentionally) injury to or interference with filgoods.com's rights or property, other filgoods.com visitors or members, or anyone else who could be harmed by such activities.
Filgoods.com may disclose visitor information when we believe, in good faith, that the law requires us to do so.
Cookies:The use of cookies is common in the Internet industry; you'll find them used on our website, as you will at any major sites. Cookies are small text files written on your computer.
Cookies allow us to personalize and enhance your Filgoods.com experience. They help us store and save items you put into your shopping cart. As a result, if you decline a cookie, it will be difficult to process and fulfill your orders.
We never use cookies to retrieve information from your computer that we didn't originally send you in cookie form. Except as described below, we don't use information transferred through cookies for any promotional or marketing purposes, nor do we share that information with any third party.
Visitors to our sites who disable cookies via their browser preferences (most browsers are initially set up to accept cookies) will find some features on our website not properly functional.
While browsing our website, you may get cookies from our advertisers or sponsors. Filgoods.com does not control these cookies.
Your Acceptance:
By using this site, you are agreeing to the terms and conditions of this Privacy Statement. IF YOU DO NOT AGREE WITH THIS PRIVACY STATEMENT, DO NOT USE THIS SITE. We reserve the right at our discretion to change, modify, add, or remove portions of this Statement at any time.
Any changes will be posted on the site. Please check this page periodically for changes.
Copyright © 2004-2020 Filgoods International. All Rights Reserved.Privacy Policy | Terms & Conditions
Site Designed by: Acubed Designs