http://www.6ave.com/pages/privacy-security
Newsletter
Please Subscribe to receive Product Launch offers & Coupon for your purchase!
Your email
Subscribe
FREE Shipping on all Orders, No Minimum
Subscribe & Save
Cameras & Video
Cameras
DSLR
Mirrorless
Point & Shoot
Instant
Security Camera
Optics
Video
Pro Video
Camcorders
Action Cameras
Camera Drones
Drone Accessories
Lenses
SLR Lenses
Mirrorless Lenses
Digital Cine
Other Lenses
Accessories
Flashes & Lighting
Media & Storage
Batteries & Power
Cases & Bags
Stabilizers & Mounts
Filters
Lens Accessories
Underwater
Cleaning & Care
Film
Canon E20mm T1.5 FP X
The new Sumire Prime series offers softer image rendering for more natural and impressive subjects.
Pro Audio
Pro Headphones
Studio Headphones
Speakers
Pro Speakers
Audio Systems
Wireless Systems
Studio Recording
DACs & Amplifiers
Portable Audio
Voice Recorders
Audio Components
Receivers
Audio Accessories
Microphones
Camera Microphones
Recording Microphones
Mobile
Cellphone & Accessories
Cell Phones
Cell Phone Cases & Covers
Other Mobile Accessories
Tablets
iPads & Tablets
Tablet Accessories
Wearable Technology
Fitness Trackers
Smartwatches
Wearable Technology Accessories
Apple Watch Series 5
From $399 Only!
Electronics
Portable Audio & Headphones
Headphones
MP3 & Media Players
TV & Home Theater
Music Systems
Standalone Speakers
Wireless Speakers
Speaker Docks
TV & Home Theater Accesories
Gaming
Games
Gaming Accessories
Gaming Headsets
Consoles
GPS & Auto
Auto GPS
Auto Electronics
Handheld GPS
TVs & Projectors
TVs and Projectors
Home & Kitchen
Home and Kitchen
Watches
Watches
Computers & Office
Hardware
Monitors
Networking
Keyboards & Mice
Printer & Printer Supplies
Drives & Storage
Laptops
Macbooks
Notebooks
2 in 1 Laptops
Chromebooks
Desktops
All-In-One-Desktop-Computers
Desktop Computers
Telephones
Telephone Accessories
Wireless Headset Systems
Wired & Cordless
Audio Conferencing
Computer Accessories
Other Computer & Office Accessories
Furniture
Monitor Mounts & Stands
Privacy
This privacy notice discloses the privacy practices for 6ave.com.  This privacy notice applies solely to information collected by this web site.  It will notify you of the following:
What personally identifiable information is collected from you through the web site, how it is used and with whom it may be shared.
What choices are available to you regarding the use of your data.
The security procedures in place to protect the misuse of your information.
How you can correct any inaccuracies in the information.
Information Collection, Use, and Sharing
We are the sole owners of the information collected on this site. We only have access to/collect information that you voluntarily give us via email or other direct contact from you.  We will not sell or rent this information to anyone.
We will use your information to respond to you, regarding the reason you contacted us.  We will not share your information with any third party outside of our organization, other than as necessary to fulfill your request, e.g. to ship an order.
Unless you ask us not to, we may contact you via email in the future to tell you about specials, new products or services, or changes to this privacy policy.
We may change this privacy policy at any time by posting revisions through this website.
*Please be advised that orders may take 1-2 business days for processing before shipping.*
Your Access to and Control Over Information
You may opt out of any future contacts from us at any time.  You can do the following at any time by contacting us via the email address or phone number given on our website:
See what data we have about you, if any.
Change/correct any data we have about you.
Have us delete any data we have about you.
Express any concern you have about our use of your data.
Text Marketing and notifications:By entering your phone number in the checkout and initialising a purchase, subscribing via our subscription form or a keyword, you agree that we may send you text notifications (for your order, including abandoned cart reminders) and text marketing offers. Text marketing messages will not exceed 5 a month. You acknowledge that consent is not a condition for any purchase.If you wish to unsubscribe from receiving text marketing messages and notifications reply with STOP to any mobile message sent from us or use the unsubscribe link we provided you with in any of our messages. You understand and agree that alternative methods of opting out, such as using alternative words or requests will not be accounted as a reasonable means of opting out. Message and data rates may apply.For any questions please text HELP to the number you received the messages from. You can also contact us for more information. If you wish to opt out please follow the procedures above.
Security
We take precautions to protect your information.  When you submit sensitive information via the website, your information is protected both online and offline.
Wherever we collect sensitive information (such as credit card data), that information is encrypted and transmitted to us in a secure way.  You can verify this by looking for a closed lock icon at the bottom of your web browser, or looking for "https" at the beginning of the address of the web page.
While we use encryption to protect sensitive information transmitted online, we also protect your information offline. Only employees who need the information to perform a specific job (for example, billing or customer service) are granted access to personally identifiable information.  The computers/servers in which we store personally identifiable information are kept in a secure environment.
Privacy Questions
If you have any questions or concerns about 6th Ave Electronics privacy policies or data processing, please contact us by calling 1-800-414-4012 or emailing customercare@6ave.com.6th Ave Electronics may update its privacy policy from time to time. When we change the policy in a material way, a notice will be posted on our website along with the updated privacy policy.
Subscribe to our Newsletter
Please subscribe to receive Product Launch offers & Coupon for your purchase!
Free Shipping, No Minimums
Get expedited shipping on all your Purchases, absolutely FREE!
Satisfied or refunded
For some reason, If you are not entirely satisfied with your purchase, get help immediately!
Top-notch support
We ensuring to build a  genuine relationship with our users.
Secure payments
We have safer, faster, more secure way to pay online.