http://www.naturalfeathers.com/privacy-and-disclosure-policy/
Natural Feathers… In Stock From Our Own Flock
Buy Feathers
About Us
About Cruelty-Free
How To Buy
Contact Us
Eggcellent Links
Where Are The Eggs?
The Laws
Privacy And Disclosure Policy
Posted on November 13, 2012
by
admin
This has been updated for 2018 and has been valid since November 15, 2014.
This blog (and the site) and is written and edited by me. For questions about this site, please contact talktotheowner@thefeatheredegg.com.
This site accepts forms of cash advertising, sponsorship, paid insertions or other forms of compensation.
The compensation received will never influence the content, topics or posts made in this site, pages, or blog posts. All advertising is in the form of advertisements generated by a third party ad network. Those advertisements will be identified as paid advertisements.
The owner of this site is not yet compensated to provide opinion on products, services, websites and various other topics. The views and opinions expressed on this blog are purely those of the blog owners. If we claim or appear to be experts on a certain topic or product or service area, we will only endorse products or services that we believe, based on our expertise, are worthy of such endorsement. Any product claim, statistic, quote or other representation about a product or service should be verified with the manufacturer or provider.
This blog does not contain any content which might present a conflict of interest.
To get your own policy, go to http://www.disclosurepolicy.org
Our marketing is directly from us directly to you, announcing new products or fun facts… If you have used a credit card on any of our sites, your credit card information is secure and the records destroyed after you have received your purchase, as directed by our merchant account policies. As of 2015, we no longer collect credit card information and use third-party services.
At all our sites, the privacy of our visitors is of extreme importance to us.
Log Files
Like many other Web sites, www.NaturalFeathers.com and www.TheFeatheredEgg.com, make use of log files. The information inside the log files includes internet protocol ( IP ) addresses, type of browser, Internet Service Provider (ISP), date/time stamp, referring/exit pages, and number of clicks to analyze trends, administer the site, track user’s movement around the site, and gather demographic information. IP addresses, and other such information are not linked to any information that is personally identifiable.
Cookies and Web Beacons
Adsense does use cookies to store information about visitors preferences, record user-specific information on which pages the user access or visit, customize Web page content based on visitors browser type or other information that the visitor sends via their browser.
DoubleClick DART Cookie
.:: Google, as a third party vendor, uses cookies to serve ads here.
.:: Google’s use of the DART cookie enables it to serve ads to users based on their visit here and other sites on the Internet.
.:: Users may opt out of the use of the DART cookie by visiting the Google ad and content network privacy policy at the following URL – http://www.google.com/privacy_ads.html
Some of our advertising partners may use cookies and web beacons on our site. Our advertising partners include ….
Google Adsense
These third-party ad servers or ad networks use technology to link to the advertisements and links that appear on www.NaturalFeathers.com. They automatically receive your IP address when this occurs. Other technologies ( such as cookies, JavaScript, or Web Beacons ) may also be used by the third-party ad networks to measure the effectiveness of their advertisements and / or to personalize the advertising content that you see.
We have no access to or control over these cookies that are used by third-party advertisers.
You should consult the respective privacy policies of these third-party ad servers for more detailed information on their practices as well as for instructions about how to opt-out of certain practices. Our privacy policy does not apply to, and we cannot control the activities of, such other advertisers or web sites.
You can remove cookies by clearing your private data cache when you exit your web browser. Clearing your history is also a good way to prevent anyone else from seeing the mad tangents your web travels have taken lately… but add us to your favorites list so you can come back soon!
Everything here is copyrighted, I never share your info, all this material is my own, original, and does not reflect the opinions of my employers, partners, or affiliates.
Join Our Newsletter List!
“Just A Couple Of Chickens” by Corinne Tippett
Now Available in Kindle Format
“When No One Else Would Fly” by Corinne Tippett
Now Available on Amazon.com
Our Other Sites
www.TheFreeRooster.com
www.TheWestchesterPress.com
Privacy And Disclosure Policy
Tagsabout cruelty-free feathers
about feathers
amazing feather pictures
cruelty-free pheasants
famous feathers
feather art
feather artists
feather craft
feather crafts
feather information
feather jewelry
feather laws
feather pigments
feather science
feathers for arts and crafts
feathers for jewelry
feathers in millinery
hair feathers
hat feathers
how to care for feathers
kinds of feathers
pheasant feathers for arts and crafts
reeves pheasant
silver pheasant
things to do with feathers
types of feathers
uses for feathers
Pages
The Laws
Where Are The Eggs?
Buy Feathers
Pheasant Hen Feather Mix – Small Bag
Silver Spangled Hamburg Chicken Feathers
Silver Spangled Hamburg – Small Bag
Silver-Spangled Hamburg Chicken Feathers – Medium Bag
Silver-Laced Wyandotte Chicken Feathers – Medium Bag
Cuckoo Maran Chicken Feathers – Medium Bag
Dark Feather Fluff Mix
Emu Feathers – Small, Medium and Large Bags
Emu Feathers – Large Bag
Emu Feathers – Small Bag
Emu Feathers – Medium Bag
Mixed Feathers
Mixed Feathers – Medium Bag
Mixed Feathers – Small Bag
Red Cornish Chicken Hen Feathers – Medium Bag
Turkey Body Feathers – Medium Bag
About Us
About Cruelty-Free
How To Buy
Contact Us
Newsletter Sign Up
Eggcellent Links
Privacy And Disclosure Policy
Our Feather Blog
Buy Feathers
About Us
About Cruelty-Free
How To Buy
Contact Us
Eggcellent Links
Where Are The Eggs?
The Laws
© 2020 - Natural Feathers… In Stock From Our Own Flock
Rundown
- Proudly powered by WordPress
Scroll to top