http://www.pizzafree.com/privacy-statement
Low calorie and high protein pizza; fat-free pizza; gluten-free pizza; delicious and nutritious; natural high quality ingredients
Home
About
Shop
Contact
FAQs
Find a Retailer
Health and Pizza
Sign InMy Account
Low Carb High Protein Fat and Gluten Free Pizza | Privacy Policy
Buy your favorite low-carb, high-protein, low calorie, fat-free pizza online with Pizza Free. Our Gluten-Free Pizza is made from A2 milk and is gluten-free, soy and wheat-free. Coming soon, cauliflower crust pizza
Privacy Statement Welcome to PIZZAFREE.COM the website and online service of PIZZA FREE, INC. PIZZA FREE, INC. knows that you care how information about you is used and shared. This Privacy Policy explains what information of yours will be collected by PIZZA
FREE, INC. when you use our online services, how the information will be used, and how you can control the collection,
correction and/or deletion of information. We will not use or share your information with anyone except as described in this
Privacy Policy. This Privacy Policy does not apply to information we collect by other means (including offline) or from other
sources.Information We CollectUser-Provided Information: You provide us information about yourself,
such as your name, address, phone number, and e-mail
address, if you register for a PIZZAFREE.COM (including by “following,”
“liking,” linking your account to our website etc., on a
third party website or network). If you correspond with us by email, we
may retain the content of your email messages, your
email address and our responses. We may also retain any messages you
send through PIZZAFREE.COM. You may provide us
information in user content you post to PIZZAFREE.COM.Third Party ServicesWhen you visit PIZZAFREE.COM you may receive one or more cookies – a small text file containing a string of alphanumeric
characters – to your computer that uniquely identifies your browser and lets us help you log in faster and enhance your
navigation through PIZZAFREE.COM. A cookie does not collect personal information about you. A persistent cookie remains on
your hard drive after you close your browser. Persistent cookies may be used by your browser on subsequent visits to the site.
Persistent cookies can be removed by following your web browser’s directions. A session cookie is temporary and disappears
after you close your browser. You can reset your web browser to refuse all cookies or to indicate when a cookie is being sent.
However, some features of PIZZAFREE.COM may not function properly if the ability to accept cookies is disabled.How We Use Your InformationWe use the personal information you submit to operate, maintain, and provide to you the features and functionality of
PIZZAFREE.COMBy providing PIZZAFREE.COM your email address (including by
“following,” “liking,” linking your account to PIZZAFREE.COM ,
etc., on a third party website or network), you consent to our using the
email address to send you PIZZAFREE.COM related
notices, including any notices required by law, in lieu of communication
by postal mail. You also agree that we may send you
notifications of activity on PIZZAFREE.COM to the email address you give
us, in accordance with any applicable privacy settings.
We may use your email address to send you other messages, such as
newsletters, changes to features of PIZZAFREE.COM or
other information. If you do not want to receive such email messages,
you may opt out at our UNSUBSCRIBE PAGE.Following termination or deactivation of your account, PIZZA FREE,
INC. may retain your profile information and user content
for a reasonable time for archival purposes. Furthermore, PIZZA FREE,
INC. may retain and continue to use indefinitely all
information (including user content) contained in your communications to
other users or posted to public or semi-public areas
of PIZZAFREE.COM after termination or deactivation of your account. PIZZA FREE, INC. reserves the right, but has no obligation, to monitor
the user content you post on PIZZAFREE.COM. We reserve
the right to remove any such information or material for any reason or
no reason, including without limitation if in our sole
opinion such information or material violates, or may violate, any
applicable law or to protect or defend our rights or property
or those of any third party. PIZZA FREE, INC. also reserves the right to
remove information upon the request of any third party.How We Share Your InformationPersonally Identifiable Information: PIZZA FREE, INC. will not rent or sell your personally identifiable information to others.
PIZZA FREE, INC. may share your personally identifiable information with third parties for the purpose of providing
PIZZAFREE.COM services to you. If we do this, such third parties’ use of your information will be bound by this Privacy Policy.
We may store personal information in locations outside the direct control of PIZZA FREE, INC. (for instance, on servers or
databases co-located with hosting providers).Any personal information or content that you voluntarily disclose for posting to PIZZAFREE.COM, such as user content, becomes
available to the public, as controlled by any applicable privacy or website customization settings. If you remove information
that you posted to PIZZAFREE.COM, copies may remain viewable in cached and archived pages, or if other users have copied or
saved that information.Except as otherwise described in this Privacy Policy, PIZZA FREE,
INC. will not disclose personal information to any third party
unless required to do so by law or subpoena or if we believe that such
action is necessary to (a) conform to the law, comply
with legal process served on us or our affiliates, or investigate,
prevent, or take action regarding suspected or actual illegal
activities; (b) to enforce this policy, take precautions against
liability, to investigate and defend ourselves against any third-party
claims or allegations, to assist government enforcement agencies, or to
protect the security or integrity of our site; and (c) to
exercise or protect the rights, property, or personal safety of
PIZZAFREE.COM , our users or others.How We Protect Your InformationPIZZA FREE, INC. and PIZZAFREE.COM care about the integrity and security
of your personal information. We cannot, however,
ensure or warrant the security of any information you transmit to PIZZA
FREE, INC. or PIZZAFREE.COM or guarantee that your
information on the service may not be accessed, disclosed, altered, or
destroyed by breach of any of our physical, technical, or
managerial safeguards. Your privacy settings may also be affected by
changes to the functionality of third-party providers, such
as social networks. PIZZA FREE, INC. and PIZZAFREE.COM are not
responsible for the functionality or security measures of any
third party.To protect your privacy and security, we take reasonable steps (such as requesting a unique password) to verify your identity
before granting you access to your account. You are responsible for maintaining the secrecy of your unique password and
account information, and for controlling access to your email communications from PIZZA FREE, INC. and PIZZAFREE.COM, at all
times.Compromise of Personal InformationIn the event that personal information is compromised as a result of a
breach of security, PIZZA FREE, INC. will promptly notify
those persons whose personal information has been compromised, in
accordance with the notification procedures set forth in
this Privacy Policy, or as otherwise required by applicable law.Links to Other Web SitesWe are not responsible for the practices employed by websites linked to
or from PIZZAFREE.COM, nor the information or
content contained therein. Please remember that when you use a link to
go from PIZZAFREE.COM to another website, our
Privacy Policy is no longer in effect. Your browsing and interaction on
any other website, including those that have a link on our
website, is subject to that website’s own rules and policies. Please
read over those rules and policies before proceeding.Notification ProceduresIt is our policy to provide notifications, whether such notifications
are required by law or are for marketing or other business
related purposes, to you via email notice, written or hard copy notice,
or through conspicuous posting of such notice on
PIZZAFREE.COM, as determined by PIZZA FREE, INC. in its sole discretion.
We reserve the right to determine the form and
means of providing notifications to you, provided that you may opt out
of certain means of notification as described in this
Privacy Policy.Changes to Our Privacy PolicyIf we change our privacy policies and procedures, we will post those changes on PIZZAFREE.COM to keep you aware of what
information we collect, how we use it and under what circumstances we may disclose it. Changes to this Privacy Policy are
effective when they are posted on this page.If you have any questions about this Privacy Policy, the practices of
this site, or your dealings with this website, please contact
us at INFO@PIZZAFREE.COM or send mail to:PIZZA FREE, INC.2420 Wedgewood Dr. Suite 5AAkron, Ohio 44312