https://www.humangivens.com/college/all-courses/courses-about-our-training/what-can-our-training-help-with/
Skip to content
NEW live online workshops
Update: our attended training can continue
Close banner
Home / College / About our training / What our training can help with
What our training can help with
Our practical, down-to-earth psychotherapy training courses give you the necessary psychological knowledge and therapeutic skills (including guided imagery, the therapeutic use of language and storytelling) to help people overcome a wide range of difficulties, including:
how to lift depression, explain the symptoms and causes of depression and prevent it from reoccuring, and even to help those suffering from bi-polar depression to manage their condition more effectively
help people having suicidal thoughts
help with anxiety, including: panic attacks, social anxiety, post traumatic stress disorder (PTSD), phobias, psychosexual problems, obsessional compulsive disorders (OCD) and anxiety related to work, money, health, surgery, childbirth, terror threats, dying etc.
stop flashbacks and detraumatise life-threatening events, explain PTSD symptoms and detraumatise bad memories
help with insomnia
help people struggling with self-harm or OCD
stop repetitive, compulsive behaviours
stop addictive behaviour (heavy drinking, drugs, smoking, shopping addiction, sex addictions, gambling etc.), minimise withdrawal symptoms and help prevent relapses
explain addictive behaviour and how it hijacks the brain’s natural learning mechanism
help with anger problems, provide effective anger management strategies and practical advice for those dealing with extreme anger, violence or rage in others
reduce stress and stress-overload
help with schizophrenia, reduce psychotic episodes and prevent psychotic breakdowns, provide insights into the causes of psychosis and schizophrenia and therefore how to manage them
help with relationship problems, relationship breakdowns and insecurity in relationships, be able to provide effective and unbiased couple counselling
help with medical conditions, promote healing and recovery, relieve pain including persistent unexplained pain
help troubled children and adolescents to get their emotional needs met, improve difficult behaviour, stop anti social behaviour and make a life for themselves that works…
View all courses
The more courses you attend, the greater your effectiveness will be.
Thinking of becoming a counsellor or psychotherapist?
If you’re considering a career in counselling or psychotherapy, we recommend you take the following online courses before deciding which route to take:
How to make counselling more effective
Effective brief psychotherapy
Both also count towards Part 1 of the Human Givens Diploma, should you decide to train with us.
Find out more
About the college
What our students say
More about our training
View all courses
Our tutors
You may like these
1-day workshop
Anxiety and Learning
How to improve students’ wellbeing and academic performance
"Profoundly helpful – Gareth's experience and compassion shone through..."
£192.00
Rated 4.67 out of 5 based on 67 customer ratings
View course
1-day workshop
Improving Relationships
At work, at home and in the community – this course shines new light on why things go wrong, the impact this has and what can be done to help...
£192.00
View course
1-day workshop
Obsessive Compulsive Disorder
OCD sufferers experience high levels of anxiety: learn about the many different ways OCD presents, how best to treat them and how to prevent early signs from escalating
£192.00
View course
Diploma linked
Online course
Understanding Anxiety
– and managing it without drugs: Essential information – discover the quickest, most effective ways to reduce all sorts of anxiety and help people take back control of their lives
£159.00
View course
Diploma linked
2-day workshop
The fast trauma (PTSD) and phobia cure
Learn the 'rewind technique' for successfully overcoming even severe trauma and phobias – safely and quickly
£384.00
View course
1-day workshop
Effective Pain Management
Psychological techniques for reducing persistent pain and accelerating healing
Join Dr Grahame Brown to discover how to help people more effectively, without drugs...
£192.00
View course
View all courses – by town and date
If you'd like to keep up to date with the latest news and any special offers, sign up to our monthly enewlsetter
Sign up now
Back to top
We use cookies to enhance your experience on our websites. Read our cookie policy to find out more.Accept cookies
Privacy & Cookies Policy
Close
Privacy Overview
This website uses cookies to improve your experience while you navigate through the website. Out of these, the cookies that are categorized as necessary are stored on your browser as they are essential for the working of basic functionalities of the website. We also use third-party cookies that help us analyze and understand how you use this website. These cookies will be stored in your browser only with your consent. You also have the option to opt-out of these cookies. But opting out of some of these cookies may affect your browsing experience.
Necessary
Necessary
Always Enabled
Necessary cookies are absolutely essential for the website to function properly. This category only includes cookies that ensures basic functionalities and security features of the website. These cookies do not store any personal information.
Non-necessary
Non-necessary
Any cookies that may not be particularly necessary for the website to function and is used specifically to collect user personal data via analytics, ads, other embedded contents are termed as non-necessary cookies. It is mandatory to procure user consent prior to running these cookies on your website.