http://www.adecmarine.co.uk/customer-services/privacy-policy
Customer ServicesPrivacy Policy
ADEC Marine Privacy Policy
The data controller is ADEC Marine Limited (referred to in this policy as “we” or “us”).
We are committed to doing the right thing when it comes to how we collect, use and protect your personal data. That’s why we’ve developed this privacy and cookies policy (“Policy”), which:
sets out the types of personal data that we collect
explains how and why we collect and use your personal data
explains the rights and choices you have when it comes to your personal data
We offer a range of products and services, so we want you to be clear about what this Policy covers. This Policy applies to you if you use our services (referred to in this Policy as “our Services”). Using our Services means:
buying with us over the phone, in person, or online or otherwise using our website (“our Website”) or mobile applications (“our Mobile Apps”) where this Policy is posted.
This Policy also applies if you contact us or we contact you about our Services.
Our Website or Mobile Apps may contain links to other websites operated by other organisations that have their own privacy policies. Please make sure you read the terms and conditions and privacy policy carefully before providing any personal data on a website as we do not accept any responsibility or liability for websites of other organisations.
This section tells you what personal data we may collect from you when you use our Services and what other personal data we may receive from other sources.
When you register for our Services, you may provide us with:
Your personal details, including your postal and billing addresses, email addresses, phone numbers and title
Your account login details, such as your username and the password that you have chosen
When you shop with us online or browse our Website or use our Mobile Apps, we may collect:
Information about your online purchases (for example, what you have bought, when and where you bought it and how you paid for it)
Information about your online browsing behaviour on our Websites and Mobile Apps and information about when you click on one of our adverts (including those shown on other organisations’ websites)
Information about any devices you have used to access our Services (including the make, model and operating system, IP address, browser type and mobile device identifiers)
When you contact us or we need to contact you, we may collect:
Personal data you provide about yourself anytime you contact us about our Services (for example, your name, username and contact details), including by phone, email or post or when you speak with us through social media
Details of the emails and other digital communications we send to you that you open, including any links in them that you click on
Your feedback and contributions to customer surveys and questionnaires
Other sources of personal data
We may also use personal data from other sources, such as specialist companies that supply information, online media channels, our Retail Partners and public registers. For example, this other personal data helps us to:
review and improve the accuracy of the data we hold; and
improve and measure the effectiveness of our marketing communications, including online advertising.
Make our Services available to you
Manage the accounts you hold with us
Process your orders and refunds
Why do we process your personal data in this way? We need to process your personal data so that we can manage your customer accounts, provide you with the goods and services you want to buy, rent or have serviced and help you with any orders and refunds you may ask for.
Manage and improve our day-to-day operations
Manage and improve our Website and Mobile Apps
Why do we process your personal data in this way? We use cookies and similar technologies on our Websites and Mobile Apps to improve your customer experience. Some cookies are necessary so you should not disable these if you want to be able to use all the features of our Websites and Mobile Apps. You can disable other cookies but this may affect your customer experience. For more information about cookies and how you can disable them, see the cookies and similar technologies section.
Help to develop and improve our product range, services, information technology systems, know-how and the way we communicate with you
Why do we process your personal data in this way? We rely on the use of personal data to carry out market research and internal research and development, and to improve our information technology systems (including security) and our product range and services. This allows us to serve you better as a customer.
Detect and prevent fraud or other crime
Why do we process your personal data in this way? It is important for us to monitor how our Services are used to detect and prevent fraud, other crimes and the misuse of services. This helps us to make sure that you can safely use our Services.
Contact and interact with you
Contact you about our Services, for example by phone, email or post or by responding to social media posts that you have directed at us.
Why do we process your personal data in this way? We want to serve you better as a customer so we use personal data to provide clarification or assistance in response to your communications
To help us to better understand you as a customer and to be able to provide you with services and marketing communications, including online advertising, that are relevant to your interests we also combine personal data we collect when you make purchases, hire or service equipment with personal data collected from our Websites, Mobile Apps and other sources.
We know how important it is to protect and manage your personal data. This section sets out some of the measures we have in place.
We use computer safeguards such as firewalls and data encryption, and we enforce physical access controls to our buildings and files to keep this data safe. We only authorise access to employees who need it to carry out their job responsibilities.
We protect the security of your information while it is being transmitted by encrypting it using Secure Sockets Layer (SSL).
We enforce physical, electronic and procedural safeguards in connection with the collection, storage and disclosure of personal data. We may occasionally ask for proof of identity before we share your personal data with you.
We will reveal only the last four digits of your credit card number when confirming an order.
However, whilst we take appropriate technical and organisational measures to safeguard your personal data, please note that we cannot guarantee the security of any personal data that you transfer over the internet to us.
The personal data that we collect from you may be transferred to, and stored at, a destination outside the European Economic Area ("EEA"). It may also be processed by companies operating outside the EEA who work for us or for one of our service providers. We will put in place appropriate protection to make sure your personal data remains adequately protected and is treated in line with this Policy.
Under the Data Protection Act 1998, you have the right to see the personal data we hold about you. This is called a Subject Access Request.
If you would like a copy of the personal data we hold about you, please write to:
Data Protection Officer, ADEC Marine Limited, 4 Masons Avenue, Croydon, Surrey, CR0 9XS.
You can also email us at admin@adecmarine.co.uk .
The law allows us to charge an administration fee of £10. If you write to us by post, please enclose a cheque or postal order for £10 made payable to "ADEC Marine Limited".
We want to make sure that the personal data we hold about you is accurate and up to date. If any of the details are incorrect, please let us know and we will amend them.
Customer Services
Delivery Information
Contact Us
Advice & Help
Refunds & Exchanges
Terms & Conditions
Privacy Policy
Customer Surveys
FAQs
Mailing List
Information
Code of Practice Information
Customer and Product Reviews
Latest Products
Trade Membership
Request Code of Practice Safety Checklist
Links
Latest News
A-Z Products
Follow us
We Accept
Visa, Visa Debit, Visa Electron, MasterCard, Maestro