https://www.wonderbk.com/privacy-policy/
Skip to content
Close
COVID-19: Read our note to customers.Wonder Book (www.wonderbook.com) created this website Privacy Policy in order to ensure the confidence of our valued visitors and customers and to demonstrate our commitment to fair information practices and the protection of privacy.Information Collected by WonderBook.com:Our site uses an order form for customers to request information, products, and services. We record customers’ contact information (email address, billing & shipping addresses, billing & shipping phone numbers, and IP address.) We also collect financial information to process the payment. Contact information from the order form is used to send orders to our customers. The customer’s contact information is used to get in touch with the customer when necessary to complete the order. IP addresses are collected to reduce fraudulent orders by showing a commitment to tracking down or reporting illegal activity to the authorities. Financial information that is collected is used to check the users’ qualifications and charge the user for products and services. We use Google Analytics for informational purposes as well as cookies to target our own ads through Google Adwords. If you sign up for an email list, we use MailUp to store your information. All customer information is treated as strictly confidential and is not sold or shared.Security:This site has security measures in place to protect the loss, misuse and alteration of the information under our control. Under no circumstance will Wonder Book sell or trade any customer information such as customer names, address, email addresses, etc.Contacting Wonder Book:If you have any questions about this privacy statement, the practices of this site, or your dealings with this Web site, you can contact us:Wonder Book wonderbook.com p: 301-694-3547 f: 301-694-5910Contact Us Sidebar NavigationHelp & FAQShippingContactFeatured Article
If you've got lemons—make lemonade. We get too many copies of some books. It is a mission here to keep as many books as real, readable books... Read More
View More Articles
Upcoming Cinema Club Film: Animal Farm (1954)Plus Selected Shorts | Rescheduled - Date TBA | Weinberg Center for the Arts Read More