https://www.mommygear.com/privacy.htm
Mommy Gear Privacy Statement Thanks so much for visiting Mommy Gear. We value your privacy and never sell or rent our email & customer lists.  If you subscribe to our email list, you will only receive a periodic e-newsletter and special offers from Mommy Gear.  You can change your email or unsubscribe at any time.
Cookies:  Our website uses "cookies" to help your ordering process.  Cookies are small pieces of information that are stored as text files by your Internet browser on your computer's hard drive. Most Internet browsers are initially set to accept cookies. You can set your browser to refuse cookies from web sites or to remove cookies from your hard drive, but if you do, you will not be able to access or use portions of www.mommygear.com. We use cookies to enable you to select products, place them in an online shopping cart, and to purchase those products. If you do this, we keep a record of your browsing activity and purchase. THIS SITE'S COOKIES DO NOT AND CANNOT INFILTRATE A USER'S HARD DRIVE TO GATHER A USER'S CONFIDENTIAL INFORMATION. Our cookies are not "spyware."  If you do not wish to use cookies, please feel free to contact us at 1-888-64-GEAR (4327) and we are happy to take your order over the telephone.
Product Reviews: You may choose to submit a product review at any time. If you post a review, we will ask for your email address and geographic location, but it is not required. We will only publish your first name, not your last name.  If you submit a review, your email address will always be kept private. Upon submission of a review, we reserve the right to contact you for clarification, as well as to address any concerns that you may have expressed in your review.   Any personally identifiable information that you submit as part of the review can be read or used by other visitors to www.mommygear.com. We are not responsible for any personally identifiable information that you choose to submit as part of your review. We encourage you to post a helpful review without disclosing any personal information.