https://www.sounddistributors.com/privacy.asp#aboutus
join now
before it's too late
Sing up now to receive this exclusive offer for a limited time only!
Subscribe
About Us
Home/
About Us
Price Matching Policy Must
be before the sale is made not after!
Its This Simple: Send us a link for the item
you are looking at. If the unit is brand new with the full factory warranty we
will match the price. Its that easy.
Anybody could put up a lower price on the net -
what you should be aware of is if you have a problem with the unit. Are you
going to get the unit serviced or replaced at no charge to you? We back all the
items we sell as long as the manufacturer warranty is in force. We are
authorized by the manufacturer to sell on line. You get the full factory
warranty when you purchase from Sound Distributors.
Returns & Repairs:
We accept returns for the first 30 days no questions asked.
The original manufacturers box must not be defaced or
altered in anyway and must be kept throughout the manufacturers warranty
period.  Please call for your return authorization number. All items
returning to us without this number will be refused.
Sales Tax:
Sales tax is now collected in 32 states. Any other
state you DO NOT pay sales tax. To find out if your state requires us to collect
sales tax - add the item to the cart. if it is a state with sales tax - we will add it based on each states sales tax rate.
Shipping:
Shipping charges include UPS ground & insurance rates. In
most cases we double box the merchandise so it does not get damaged in transit.
If any damage to the product is noticed when you receive the package - do not
accept it. This is the product - not the box it was shipped in. We pack each
item with extra packing material inside the box to help protect each unit. The
outer box might be cut or dinged by UPS but the actual product most likely will
be fine. If any damage is noticed UPS will return the damaged item back to us.
We will reship another unit out at no charge.
If you sign and accept the package and notice after UPS has left that the
merchandise is damaged, DONT STRESS! Call us and we will have UPS send an
inspector out to you to inspect the damaged item, we will ship another item to you at
no additional charge.
Canada Orders:
All Canada Shipments UPS will collect Customs, Broker Fees and Tax when they
deliver the items to your door. We collect shipping on our side and there will
be extra freight charges for all Canada orders. We will email you the total that
will be added after we have your order.
Hawaii, Puerto Rico, Alaska
Shipping is extra to these areas. Our shopping cart will not configure the
extra cost. You will receive an email after the order is placed with the extra
funds needed to ship your order.  If you want this quote before you place
you order please email or call us first. We will need your full address along
with the items you would like to order.
We Require A Signature On All Shipped Items being Delivered To You By UPS.
Returning Items For A Refund:
We have a 0% restocking fee for any order that is returned
UN-OPENED and still factory sealed. We only will honor this for the first 30 days
- after that it is exchanged for like product only. Missing accessories will
result in a charge for the actual replacement cost of the missing items. All
warranty cards must be left blank. The original manufacturers box must not be
defaced or altered in anyway and the product must be shipped back in the
manufacturer's box - the same way it was shipped out to you. We will not accept
returned items without the original box the unit was shipped in. Merchandise
initially returned as defective, which is not actually defective, will incur a
minimum 15% restocking fee after the first 30 day grace period.
Merchandise initially shipped 'double-boxed' or by
freight line must be returned double boxed or by freight line at the customers
expense. The 15% covers our freight charges and restocking fee on the returned
product.
Special Order Items:
Any product that has to be ordered for a customer that is not
an "in-stock" item is considered special order. We will notify you by
phone or email on the time frame to get the goods for you. When you agree to
this, it is considered a contract. We will charge your credit card 50% of the
total sale up front to order the goods. The remaining balance will be charged to
you after the item(s) are shipped. If for any reason you decide to cancel the
order during the ordering process, we will charge you a 15%  cancellation
fee. This 15% will reflect on the full purchase price of the special order item.
Any questions please call us before placing your order.
WHITE GLOVE SERVICE IS NOW AVAILABLE:
The Shipping company will call for a delivery appointment. Once arranged they will take all the items being delivered off the truck and bring them into your home, they will then un-box all the items. This is not an installation service - Just an option to deliver the items into your home. You can choose this option at checkout.
Gift Cards, Bing Cashback & Discount Codes:
A few times a year manufacturers and or Sound Distributors
comes out with promotions to help increase sales. It can be a gift card
purchased from our site or it may be a promotion MSN is doing on their search
engine Bing, it can also be as simple as a promotional discount code given out
for the holidays. You can't combine these promotions. It is one promotional item
per sale. You will receive only one gift card per sale. If you use Bing or a
discount code to buy an item - you will NOT receive the gift card. Again one
discount per sale. You can NOT combine any two promotions together. If we
receive an order using two promotions Sound Distributors will remove one of them
and complete the sale.
Why Did I Not Get My gift card:
You will not receive a Gift Card if
you used any other discount to buy the item. Example Bing or a discount code.
Another discount voids the gift card. ALL GIFT CARDS EXPIRE 12 MONTHS FROM THE DATE OF PURCHASE
Its simple you must buy the item at
full price to receive your gift card which will be issued within 30 days from
the date of purchase.
When you come back to use the gift
card it cant be combined with any other promotion going on. You can NOT
apply two gift cards on one purchase. it is one discount per item
purchased.
WE RESERVE THE RIGHT TO VOID ANY GIFT CARD AT ANYTIME.
About Us & What We Sell:
Every item listed on our site is brand new "A"
stock. We do not sell used or "B" stock items on this site. You are
purchasing brand new USA product.
We accept Visa, MasterCard, American Express, Money
Order, Person Check or Wire Transfer for all on line orders. Our on line order
form and shopping cart program is 100% secure. Rest assured your credit card
information is not sent over the internet. It stays on our local secure server
and is reset automatically after the order is processed. We do not give
telephone numbers or addresses out to any one - they are for shipping and credit
card verification only. All information given to Sound Distributors is
confidential and will never be given to solicitors.
Price
Matching Policy Must be before the sale is made not after!
Its This Simple: Send us a link for the item
you are looking at. If the unit is brand new (which all our products are) with
the full factory warranty we will match the price. Its that easy.
Anybody could put up a lower price on the net -
what you should be aware of is:
If you have a problem with the unit - are you going to get the unit services or
replaced at no charge to you? Sound Distributors backs all the units they sell
as long as the manufacturer warranty is in force. We are authorized by the
manufacturer to sell on line. You get the full factory warranty when you
purchase from Sound Distributors.
We are not responsible for
typographical or picture errors . Please make sure the model number and or
product code is correct before placing your order.
Warehouse Shipping For Product:
Sound Distributors
5955 South Procyon Street
Las Vegas NV 89118
(702)479-7196  Efax
(702)340-6693
(800)691-6914 toll free
Office Address For Paperwork:
Sound Distributors
1987 Alcove Ridge Dr
Las Vegas NV 89135
Email us with any questions you may have at:
sounddistributors@gmail.com
If you have any questions, please call
before you place your order
(800)691-6914.
Subscribe to our newsletter
Subscribe
address
5955 South procyon StreetLas Vegas NV 89118
sounddistributors@gmail.com
1-800-691-6914
Help
Contact Us
Order Status
Customer Comments
Information
About Us
Shipping Information
Privacy Policy
Return Policy
Services
Amazing Deals
Secure Order Form
Product Request Form
Security Guarantee
**Build Your Own Custom Klipsch Theater System**
Follow us on :
About Us|
Contact Us|
Privacy Policy|
Secure Order Form |
Product Request Form
© 2018 All Rights Reserved. Design By
Aaryaweb