http://www.drizaboneclothing.co.uk/country-clothing/about/legal/privacy
Webury.com
Freephone 0800 083 6418
UK Stockists & ExpertsEST. Over 20 yearsLargest Online Retailer in Europepart of the webury.com Group
Go
Customer Services   |   About Us   |   Sign In   |   Checkout
Men'sWomen'sClassic WaxMidweight WaxHatsAccessoriesInformationFabric GuideSizingRoll Your OwnAftercare and RewaxingWarrantyDriza-bone HistoryFAQ'sReproofing
Privacy Policy
Privacy Policy
Please note that this statement is applicable to webury.com and all of the sites within webury.comThe purpose of this statement is to set out how we use personal information that we may obtain about you.Use of your Personal Information1. When you register and use this site you will be asked to provide certain information such as your contact details. We will store this data and hold it on computers or otherwise. We will use this data to fulfil our agreement with you.2. We may use information that you provide or that is obtained by us:(a) To register you with our web site and to administer our web site services;(b) for assessment and analysis (e.g. market, customer and product analysis) to enable us to review, develop and improve the services which we offer and to enable us to provide you and other customers with relevant information through our marketing programme. We may use your information to make decisions about you using computerised technology, for example automatically selecting products or services which we think will interest you from the information we have. We may keep you informed of such products and services (including special offers, discounts, offers and so on by any of the following methods:e-mailtelephonepostor otherwise (including products and services of other companies and organisations) which we consider may be of interest to you. If you do not wish to receive information of such products and services, please e-mail us at remove@webury.com including 'remove' in the subject heading.3. We may supplement the information that you provide to us with information that we receive from third parties.Disclosure of Your Information4. We may give information about you to the following, who may use it for the same purposes as set out above:(a) to other companies in the webury.com Group;(b) to employees and agents of the Group to administer any accounts, products and services provided to you by the Group now or in the future;(c) agents who (on our behalf) profile your data so that we may tailor the goods/services we offer to your specific needs;(d) if we have a duty to do so or if the law allows us to do so.
Security
We are committed to ensuring that your information is secure. In order to prevent unauthorised access or disclosure, we have put in place suitable physical, electronic and managerial procedures to safeguard and secure the information we collect online.
How we use cookiesA cookie is a small file which asks permission to be placed on your computer's hard drive. Once you agree, the file is added and the cookie helps analyse web traffic or lets you know when you visit a particular site. Cookies allow web applications to respond to you as an individual. The web application can tailor its operations to your needs, likes and dislikes by gathering and remembering information about your preferences.
We use traffic log cookies to identify which pages are being used. This helps us analyse data about web page traffic and improve our website in order to tailor it to customer needs. We only use this information for statistical analysis purposes and then the data is removed from the system.
Overall, cookies help us provide you with a better website, by enabling us to monitor which pages you find useful and which you do not. A cookie in no way gives us access to your computer or any information about you, other than the data you choose to share with us. You can choose to accept or decline cookies. Most web browsers automatically accept cookies, but you can usually modify your browser setting to decline cookies if you prefer. This may prevent you from taking full advantage of the website.
Links to other websitesOur website may contain links to other websites of interest. However, once you have used these links to leave our site, you should note that we do not have any control over that other website. Therefore, we cannot be responsible for the protection and privacy of any information which you provide whilst visiting such sites and such sites are not governed by this privacy statement. You should exercise caution and look at the privacy statement applicable to the website in question.
Controlling your personal informationYou may choose to restrict the collection or use of your personal information in the following ways:
whenever you are asked to fill in a form on the website, look for the box that you can click to indicate that you do not want the information to be used by anybody for direct marketing purposes
if you have previously agreed to us using your personal information for direct marketing purposes, you may change your mind at any time by writing to or emailing us at info@webury.com
We will not sell, distribute or lease your personal information to third parties unless we have your permission or are required by law to do so. We may use your personal information to send you promotional information about third parties which we think you may find interesting if you tell us that you wish this to happen.
You may request details of personal information which we hold about you under the Data Protection Act 1998. A small fee will be payable. If you would like a copy of the information held on you please write to The Mill Office,
Hatfield,
Leominster,
Herefordshire,
HR6 0SE
United Kingdom.
Hotjar
If you believe that any information we are holding on you is incorrect or incomplete, please write to or email us as soon as possible, at the above address. We will promptly correct any information found to be incorrect.
We use Hotjar in order to better understand our users’ needs and to optimize this service and experience. Hotjar is a technology service that helps us better understand our users experience (e.g. how much time they spend on which pages, which links they choose to click, what users do and don’t like, etc.) and this enables us to build and maintain our service with user feedback. Hotjar uses cookies and other technologies to collect data on our users’ behavior and their devices (in particular device's IP address (captured and stored only in anonymized form), device screen size, device type (unique device identifiers), browser information, geographic location (country only), preferred language used to display our website). Hotjar stores this information in a pseudonymized user profile. Neither Hotjar nor we will ever use this information to identify individual users or to match it with further data on an individual user. For further details, please see Hotjar’s privacy policy by clicking on this link. You can opt-out to the creation of a user profile, Hotjar’s storing of data about your usage of our site and Hotjar’s use of tracking cookies on other websites by following this opt-out link.
List of cookies we collect
The table below lists the cookies we collect and what information they store.
COOKIE nameCOOKIE Description
CART
The association with your shopping cart.
CATEGORY_INFO
Stores the category info on the page, that allows to display pages more quickly.
COMPARE
The items that you have in the Compare Products list.
CURRENCY
Your preferred currency
CUSTOMER
An encrypted version of your customer id with the store.
CUSTOMER_AUTH
An indicator if you are currently logged into the store.
CUSTOMER_INFO
An encrypted version of the customer group you belong to.
CUSTOMER_SEGMENT_IDS
Stores the Customer Segment ID
EXTERNAL_NO_CACHE
A flag, which indicates whether caching is disabled or not.
FRONTEND
You sesssion ID on the server.
GUEST-VIEW
Allows guests to edit their orders.
LAST_CATEGORY
The last category you visited.
LAST_PRODUCT
The most recent product you have viewed.
NEWMESSAGE
Indicates whether a new message has been received.
NO_CACHE
Indicates whether it is allowed to use cache.
PERSISTENT_SHOPPING_CART
A link to information about your cart and viewing history if you have asked the site.
POLL
The ID of any polls you have recently voted in.
POLLN
Information on what polls you have voted on.
RECENTLYCOMPARED
The items that you have recently compared.
STF
Information on products you have emailed to friends.
STORE
The store view or language you have selected.
USER_ALLOWED_SAVE_COOKIE
Indicates whether a customer allowed to use cookies.
VIEWED_PRODUCT_IDS
The products that you have recently viewed.
WISHLIST
An encrypted list of products added to your Wishlist.
WISHLIST_CNT
The number of items in your Wishlist.
© 2020 Webury.com
ALL content / imagery strictly copyrighted
Part of the Webury Group
Terms & Conditions | Privacy Policy | Site Map | Media Centre
About | Contact Us | Returns | Delivery Charges | Customer Services
Please enter your email address to join our mailing list