http://www.bluemountaincoffee.com/privacy
Products
Login
My Account
Cart
Toggle navigation
Login
Account
Cart
Products
All Products
Blue Mountain Coffee's 100% Jamaica Private Selection
Gourmet Coffees from Around the World
Seasonal Specials and Gifts
Single Serve Cup Coffee
About Our Coffee
About Us
In The News
Contact Us
Home
Home > Legal & Privacy Policy
Legal & Privacy Policy
Privacy Policy
Jamaica Blue Mountain® Coffee has created this document to outline our commitment to online privacy. Please contact us if you have any questions about this policy. Use of Internet Protocol Address We use your Internet Protocol (IP) address for several reasons: to help diagnose problems with our server, to administer our Web site, to help identify you and your shopping cart, and to gather broad demographic information.
Use of Registration Information
Our site's registration area requires customers to supply contact information, such as name and E-mail address, and demographic information, such as your ZIP code, or other information. We use this information to send promotional materials from our company and occasionally from some of our partners. However, users may Opt-In to, or Opt-Out of these promotional E-mail messages at any time. (See Opt-In/Opt-Out below.)
Use of Demographic Information
We also collect demographic and profile data that we use to tailor your experience at Jamaica Blue Mountain® Coffee. Based on this information, we display products and content we feel might interest you.
Use of Order Information
When you place an order, Jamaica Blue Mountain® Coffee requests information such as contact information, credit card number and demographic information. The contact information you provide is used to send your orders, and occasionally, promotional material from one of our partners. You can Opt-In, or Opt-Out at any time. (See Opt-In/Opt-Out below.) Your credit card information is used for the sole purpose of billing you for products and services. Demographic data is collected to personalize future visits by displaying the content we feel would interest you most.
Use of Gift Recipient Information
Information collected about gift recipients is used for the sole purpose of shipping gift items. Information may be removed or modified at any time. Recipients may request to be removed by contacting our Customer Service Department by telephone at 770-889-2916.
Testimonials
Information collected as a testimonial is used by permission only on our Web site or in other printed material at our discretion and is not used for any other purpose. E-mail addresses associated with testimonials are not stored in any database and are not shared with 3rd parties. We reserve the right to make modifications to testimonials with respect to grammatical or spelling errors.
Use of Cookies
Jamaica Blue Mountain® Coffee requires the use of cookies only to maintain the state (session) of your visit, and to improve the performance of the shopping cart system. No personally identifiable information is stored, including usernames and passwords. If your browser is set to reject cookies, you can still browse the site but will be unable to take advantage of online ordering and our personalized gift services.
Security
Jamaica Blue Mountain® Coffee features security measures to protect the loss, misuse or alteration of information placed under our control by limiting access to our computers storing your personal information, and using Secure Sockets Layer (SSL) encryption technology to encrypt private data as it's being transmitted to our servers.
Correct/Update Personal Information
Jamaica Blue Mountain® Coffee allows you to change or modify your online personal information by visiting your personalized "My Account" page. Simply login, then click on "Edit Your Account".
Policy Changes
If we decide to change our Privacy Policy, we will post it here, so that our users are always aware of what information we collect, how we use it, and under circumstances, if any, we disclose it. If at any point, we decide to use personally identifiable information in a manner different from what is stated at the time it was collected, we will notify users by way of E-mail. Users will have a choice as to whether or not we use their information in this manner.
Contact Us
If you have any questions or concerns about our privacy policy, please contact us:
Jamaica Blue Mountain® Coffee Customer Service
Phone: 770-889-2916
CustomerService@BlueMountainCoffee.com
Buy Coffee
About Our Coffee
About Us
In the News
Mavis Bank Coffee
How Coffee is Cultivated
Visit Jamaica
Testimonials
FAQs
Shipping
Contact Us
My Account
My Cart
Legal/Privacy
Home
Subscribe to our mailing list
© Copyright 2020 Blue Mountain Coffee, Inc. All Rights Reserved. |
4250 Keith Bridge Rd, Unit 220 Cumming, GA
30041
Website by Blue Tangerine
Top