http://www.ulisfamoussausage.com/privacy-policy
Home
Purchase Sausage
Order Online
Shipping Information
Wholesale Information
Retailers & Restaurants
Uli's Bierstube
About
About our Sausage
Our Locations & Hours
Who's Uli?
Gallery
Contact Us
Privacy Policy
This privacy policy discloses the privacy practices for Uli's Famous Sausage (ulisfamoussausage.com). This privacy policy applies solely to information collected by this website. It will notify you of the following:What personally identifiable information is collected from you through the web site, how it is used and with whom it may be shared.What choices are available to you regarding the use of your data.The security procedures in place to protect the misuse of your information.How you can correct any inaccuracies in the information.Information Collection, Use, and Sharing We are the sole owners of the information collected on this site. We only have access to/collect information that you voluntarily give us via email or other direct contact from you. We will not sell or rent this information to anyone.We will use your information to respond to you, regarding the reason you contacted us. We will not share your information with any third party outside of our organization, other than as necessary to fulfill your request, e.g. to ship an order.Unless you ask us not to, we may contact you via email in the future to tell you about specials, new products or services, or changes to this privacy policy.Your Access To and Control Over Information You may opt out of any future contacts from us at any time. You can do the following at any time by contacting us via the email address or phone number given on our website:See what data we have about you, if any.Change/correct any data we have about you.Have us delete any data we have about you other than that which we are legally obligated to keep on record.Express any concern you have about our use of your data.Security We take precautions to protect your information. When you submit sensitive information via the website, your information is protected both online and offline.Wherever we collect sensitive information (such as credit card data), that information is encrypted and transmitted to us in a secure way. You can verify this by looking for a closed lock icon at the bottom of your web browser, or looking for "https" at the beginning of the address of the web page.While we use encryption to protect sensitive information transmitted online, we also protect your information offline. Only employees who need the information to perform a specific job (for example, billing or customer service) are granted access to personally identifiable information. The computers/servers in which we store personally identifiable information are kept in a secure environment.Registration During the online ordering process, a user may optionally complete an account registration form. During registration, users are required to give certain personal information. This information is used to create a customer profile in order to increase the speed and ease of use of our online store. This information may be used to contact you about the products/services on our site in which you have expressed interest. At your option, you may also provide demographic information (such as gender or age) about yourself, but it is not required. Any information collected for registration purposes will never be sold to any third party. The only third party that has access to personally identifiable information provided to us is ECWID, the platform that runs our online ordering system. To learn more about ECWID's Terms of Use and Privacy Policy, click the provided links. Only those individuals required to have access to all or some of this information (i.e. customer service, administrative, and technical staff) will be granted permission to view the relevant, applicable data.Orders We request information from you on our order form. To buy from us, you must provide contact information (like name and shipping address) and financial information (like credit card number, expiration date). This information is used for billing purposes and to fill your orders. If we have trouble processing an order, we'll use this information to contact you. This information is never provided to any third party other than ECWID as described above in "Registration."CookiesWe use "cookies" on this site. A cookie is a piece of data stored on a site visitor's hard drive to help us improve your access to our site and identify repeat visitors to our site. For instance, when we use a cookie to identify you, you would not have to log in a password more than once, thereby saving time while on our site. Cookies can also enable us to track and target the interests of our users to enhance the experience on our site. Usage of a cookie is in no way linked to any personally identifiable information on our site. Website traffic information is collected in aggregate using Google Analytics. More about Google Analytics' Privacy Policy and Terms of Use can be found at the provided links.LinksThis web site contains links to other sites. Please be aware that we are not responsible for the content or privacy practices of such other sites. We encourage our users to be aware when they leave our site and to read the privacy statements of any other site that collects personally identifiable information.UpdatesOur Privacy Policy may change from time to time and all updates will be posted on this page.If you feel that we are not abiding by this privacy policy, you should contact us immediately via telephone at (206) 839-1000 or via email at support@ulisfamoussausage.com