http://www.heatonpecans.com/privacy-policy
Cart
0
Welcome
Shop
Amazon & Sam's Club
Contact
The William Cliff Heaton Jr. Foundation
Back
Gift Pack Assortments
1 lb. Green & White Bag
Roasted & Salted Pecan Halves
Praline Glazed Pecan Halves
Chocolate Pecan Halves
Spiced Pecan Halves
In-shell Pecans
New Crop Mammoth Halves and Pieces
Extra Large Cashew Nuts
Pistachio Nuts
T-Shirts
Privacy Policy Please read this information carefully:Heaton Pecans recognizes and respects the privacy of its website visitors. Heaton Pecans does not collect any personal information from website visitors, except when that information is expressly supplied by our visitors. Names, contact information, and any content of any correspondence sent by means of e-mail message submission forms may be stored on the Heaton Pecans mail server for future use in connecting with you. We will use this information only to contact you about your original inquiries and not for any present or future commercial promotion, unless otherwise expressly requested by you. Heaton Pecans will never release, exchange, or sell personal information to any third party entity without consent. Heaton Pecans's website structure may use "cookies" to track non-personal, non-identifying information to improve the function of our website.Links to other websitesHeaton Pecans's website may contain links to vendor websites or other websites not operated or controlled by us. These links are provided as a convenience to you through this website. Heaton Pecans is not responsible for the personal information collection and use policies of these linked websites. You should review the privacy policy of any linked websites prior to use or giving personal information.Storage of information and securityInformation collected through Heaton Pecans's website is stored as a secured log-file and sent by e-mail to those responsible for responding to your inquiry. Information sent over the Internet, whether by e-mail or by using an online form, is not necessarily secure against interception. Heaton Pecans cannot be responsible for interception of your information or subsequent damages that may occur from said interception. See the "Limitation of Liability" section of the Terms & Conditions section of our website for explanations. Any correspondence that contains personal information should be sent by traditional postal mail to the appropriate address posted on our Contact page.Changes to this privacy policyWe reserve the right to modify our Privacy Policy at any time.