https://www.loveisarose.com/privacy.html
Shop MenuX
Creative Christmas Gift Ideas
Personalized Christmas Roses
Gold Dipped Roses
24k Gold Trimmed Roses
24k Gold Dipped Roses
Silver Trimmed Roses
Silver Dipped Roses
Platinum Trimmed Roses
Platinum Dipped Roses
Copper Roses
Birthday Roses
Mini 24k Gold Roses
Gold Dipped Flowers & Plants
Personalized Roses
Personalized Christmas Roses
Personalized Roses of Love
Personalized Anniversary Roses
Roses With Personalized Photos
Personalized Valentine's Day Roses
Personalized Mother's Day Roses
Enchanted Roses
Personalized Family Trees
Capodimonte Porcelain Flowers
Crystal & Glass Vases
Anniversary Gifts By Year
1st Anniversary Gifts
2nd Anniversary Gifts
5th Anniversary Gifts
7th Anniversary Gifts
10th Anniversary Gifts
20th Anniversary Gifts
25th Anniversary Gifts
30th Anniversary Gifts
40th Anniversary Gifts
50th Anniversary Gifts
60th Anniversary Gifts
Creative Anniversary Gifts
Creative Gifts By Occasion
Creative Christmas Gift Ideas
Unique Birthday Gifts For Her
Creative Wedding Gifts
Unique Bridesmaid Gifts
Newborn Baby & Shower Gifts
Creative Graduation Gifts
Personalized Memorial Gifts
Romantic Gifts For Her
Custom Photo Gifts
Fraternity & Sorority Gifts
Religious Gifts
Unique Valentine's Day Gifts
St. Patrick's Day Gifts For Her
Personalized Mother's Day Gifts
SALE ITEMS
Gold Roses on Sale
Sterling Silver Jewelry
Gold Flower Sculptures
Go Back
Home>
Privacy Policy
Privacy Policy
We respect your privacy. Therefore we never share or sell your personal information with any third parties. Any information collected through this site is intended to be used for this transaction only. Your personal information is secured via SSL (Secure Socket Layer) Technology. Love Is A Rose has created this privacy policy to inform you of the information gathering and dissemination practices for this website. We want to demonstrate our commitment to your privacy, by notifying you of:
What personally identifiable information of yours is collected through Checkout. The organization collecting the information. How the information is used. With whom the information may be shared. What choices are available to you regarding collection, use and distribution of the information. The kind of security procedures that are in place to protect against the loss, misuse or alteration of information under Our control. How you can correct any inaccuracies in the information.
If you have questions or concerns regarding this statement, you should contact our Customer Service Department at 630.393.1111. Visiting Our Web Site Your IP address, browser and reference site domain name are logged every time you visit our site. This data is used strictly for the analysis of load information and maximizing the efficiency of our servers. Except as provided in this privacy policy, we will not share this data with anyone in any way. Using Cookies "Cookies" are files stored on your computer's hard drive by your browser. These cookies help us identify our account holders and optimize their shopping experience. They do not include any data that will identify you personally. They will, however, allow you to use some specialized features of our site. Cookies also allow us to hold selections in your shopping cart when you leave the website without checking out. Most browsers accept cookies automatically, but allow you to disable them if you wish. We may use third-party advertising companies to serve ads on our behalf. These companies may employ cookies and action tags (also known as single pixel gifs or web beacons) to measure advertising effectiveness. Any information that these third parties collect via cookies and action tags is completely anonymous. Ordering from the website When you order from the website, we need your name, email address, shipping address, phone number and credit card number/expiration date. We use this data to process your order, ship it and send you order and shipping confirmations via email. Except as provided in this privacy policy, we will not sell, rent, or disclose this data to any third party without your consent. (However, we will cooperate fully should a situation arise where we are required by law or requested by a law enforcement agency to provide information about a customer.) From time to time, we may use the purchases you make to customize our product recommendations. We also track customer traffic patterns and site usage. Traffic and usage data is used only to improve our site's design and provide our customers with a fulfilling shopping experience. Opening a Web Store account We require your name, billing address, shipping address, email address and telephone number to open an account for you. We may also ask some additional optional questions to help us better serve you. Except as provided in this privacy policy, this account data is never shared with anyone in any way without your consent. (However, we will cooperate fully should a situation arise where we are required by law or requested by a law enforcement agency to provide information about a customer.) We may contact you about sales, special discount offers and new site features. If at any time you decide you do not want to receive email updates, you can unsubscribe from any promotional email we send you, send an email to mail@loveisaroses.com or call us at 630-393-1111 and inform us that you want to unsubscribe from our email list. Customer Service In addition to being able to call our customer service department, you may also email us at mail@loveisarose.com. When you email us, your emails are stored within our system so that we may refer to previous emails from you as needed so that we may properly address your questions and concerns. Except as provided in this privacy policy, the information you provide to our customer service department is not shared with anyone without your consent. Changes to Privacy Policy If we are going to use your personally identifiable information in a manner different from that stated at the time of collection we will notify you via email. You will have a choice as to whether or not we use your information in this different manner. In addition, if we make any material changes in our privacy practices that do not affect user information already stored in our database, we will post a prominent notice on the web site notifying users of the change. In some cases where we post the notice we will also email users, who have opted to receive communications from us, notifying them of the changes in our privacy practices. Questions about our Policies If you have any questions regarding your privacy or any of our policies, please contact our Customer Service Department at 630.393.1111.
Shop All Categories
Creative Christmas Gift Ideas Personalized Christmas Rose Gifts Real Roses Dipped
in 24k Gold, Silver & Platinum Personalized Gold Roses Real Enchanted Roses Personalized Family Trees Capodimonte Porcelain Flowers Crystal & Glass Vases Anniversary Roses & Personalized Anniversary Gifts by Year Creative Gifts by Occasion SALE ITEMS
Why Choose Love Is A Rose?
We're a 1-Stop Personalized Gift Shop!
Almost every gift can be personalized, but we love creating extra special personalized gifts not seen on our site. Just Call 630.393.1111 to create yours! If you're going to be in trouble and just need a great gift fast, we do provide the best personalized gifts without having to go the extra mile. Our exclusive Personalized Gold Dipped Roses will bring tears of joy and be forever remembered. They are perfect gifts for Anniversaries, Birthdays, Valentine's Day, Mother's Day, Christmas, or just because you love her! Our exclusive Personalized Family Trees are perfect Mother's Day, Christmas, or Anniversary Gifts for your parents. The family trees for 25th or 50th Anniversary Gifts are the most popular!
We Provide Real Customer Service!
When you contact us a REAL PERSON will answer. There is NO AUTOMATED SYSTEM before reaching a real human. Maybe you need help creating a special personalized gift, or maybe you'd like to call in your order to ensure it gets processed ASAP. No matter what you need, we take pride in providing you the best customer service on the web from real people. So, call us at 630.393.1111 if you need assistance of any kind. Leave a message if it is after business hours and we will get back to you the following business day.
We Provide Expedited Shipping!
Sometimes life can get busy, and before you know it, an important event that calls for a heartfelt gift is only a few days away. Eh Hem, Men... Eh Hem, Anniversary... Luckily you found LoveIsARose.com. If the product you want is not available for Next Day Shipping online, or you just want to make sure your gift gets shipped as soon as possible, call us at 630.393.1111 and we will do everything in our control to ship your gift in time for your event! All ground shipping orders ship within 2 business days.
We Ship Worldwide!
We ship gifts to countries worldwide everyday! If you don't see the country you're trying to ship to during checkout, give us a call and we will take your order over the phone! We also accept orders worldwide via email. If you're having trouble with our online ordering system, give us a call at 630.393.1111 and we will process the order manually.
Join our newsletter & get a coupon! Join Now!
Connect With Us
© 2020 Sid Fey Designs, Inc.
Top