http://www.sheetmusicplus.com/help/digital-FAQs
Help Topics
Holiday Shipping Information
US Deadlines
Canada Deadlines
International Deadlines
Shipping & Orders
Check Order Status
Shipping (US & Int'l)
Availability
Payment Options
Sales Tax
Digital Downloads
What are Digital Downloads?
Viewing and Printing
System Requirements
Troubleshooting Guide
FAQS
iPad Support
SMP Press
Account Help
Password Reset
Personal Accounts
School and Church Accounts
Purchase Orders
Easy Rebates
Affiliate Program
Contact Us
Contact Us
Corporate Contacts
Policies
2+ Pricing
Returns
Low Price Guarantee
Copyright
Privacy Policy
Cookie Policy
Terms and Conditions
About Us
About Us
Memberships
Testimonials
Features
Gift Certificates
Music Lists
Teacher Resource Center
Level Guidelines
Karaoke Formats
Newsletter Options
Sheet Music Plus Blog
Learn How to Read Sheet Music: Notes
Learn How to Read Sheet Music: List of Basic Musical Symbols
SMP Press
About SMP Press
How to Publish with SMP Press
Legally Arrange Thousands of Copyrighted Songs with SMP Press
General Copyright Guidelines
Copyright Infringement Policy
Arrangements of Copyrighted Works
Arrangements of Public Domain Works
Original Compositions
Mechanical Rights
Commission & Payments
Email SMP Press
Help > Digital FAQs
Digital Downloads Frequently Asked Questions
General Questions
Viewing Questions
Printing Questions
General Questions
Do I have to print my purchased sheet music right away?
No, you can download the title and print it when you need it. Once you've downloaded the file, internet access is not required to view or print the music.
Can I access my Digital Download from anywhere?
Yes, after you download the music to your device, you have immediate access to the music. You can also view and print your Digital Download title from any computer or mobile device by accessing your Digital Library online.
Why can't I view the entire song before buying?
Due to copyright laws, we only have a limited number of pages and audio examples that we can provide.
Will the music be saved on my computer?
Once you have downloaded the file, you may choose to open or save to your device. Due to copyright laws, the sheet music files cannot be electronically distributed. Prints are restricted to the number of copies purchased.
What software do I need to view and print my sheet music?
We do not require any special software to view or print your music.
Can my download be sent to my mailing address?
Due to copyright laws, we are unable to send Digital Downloads through the mail.
What is an Interactive Download?
Interactive Downloads are dynamic sheet music files that can be viewed and altered directly in your Digital Library from any device. Interactive features include playback, tempo control, transposition, melody instrument selection, adjustable note size, and full-screen viewing.
How can I tell the difference between Digital Downloads and Interactive Downloads?
When searching our site, all Digital Downloads have a blue border around the image of the piece and are available instantly. In addition to the blue border, regular Digital Downloads will have a blue circle with a white down arrow and an eighth note inside. Interactive Downloads will have a white circle with blue down arrow as well as sharp and flat symbols inside.
Can I use Digital Downloads on my mobile device?
Yes, our Digital Downloads are PDFs and there is no special app required. Simply click and view your music instantly after downloading. You can also open the Digital Download with any application that reads PDFs.
I don't like the digital sheet music I ordered. Can I get a refund?
Due to the nature of the service we cannot offer a refund of your Digital Download title after it has been purchased, unless there was a problem downloading, viewing, or printing it. If you experience trouble with your Digital Download, contact us at digital@sheetmusicplus.com. Please include details with a screenshot of the error along with your order number.
Why didn't I see my newly purchased Digital Download title in my account?
Your Digital Download order might be still processing. Sign out of your Digital Library, wait 10 minutes, and sign in. There's also a possibility you may have created another account; please confirm you are signing in with the email address associated with your order.
How can I tell if it is a download or something that would be mailed?
Digital Download purchases do not include any shipping fees. They are intended to be printed or saved to a device after the purchase has been made. You can sign into your Digital Library on the SMP website at any time to access your digital purchase. Hard-copy items will require a shipping fee. Depending on item availability and selected shipping methods, this material may take some time to be delivered to you. Please note that many of the items available for purchase on our website may not have a digital/hard-copy counterpart.
Viewing Questions
How can I transpose my music?
Interactive Downloads allow you to transpose the music. Click the orange computer monitor button under the column titled Actions. This will open the interactive feature where music can be transposed by clicking the button with sharp and flat symbols in it. From there, you can transpose the music as needed. Please note that it may take some time for the interactive feature to become available after purchase.
Please note that not all Digital Downloads have the Interactive features.
My computer is asking for a password to open the file. How do I open the file?
The digital download is a PDF that is not password protected. If you are receiving a message stating that it is password protected, then we would recommend that you view the document on a different browser rather than PDF viewer like Adobe Acrobat Reader. If you cannot access your file, please contact us at digital@sheetmusicplus.com and include your order number.
My music does not appear when I click the Digital Download title.
To download your music, click on the orange button that looks like a document to begin the download. If you click on the title, you will be taken back to the item's information page where you can purchase it again if needed.
I downloaded my music, but I can't view it.
You may want to confirm you have the latest version of your browser or Adobe Reader. For the latest version of Adobe Reader, visit https://get.adobe.com/reader. If you have installed the latest version of Adobe Reader and are still unable to view the music, you may want to try viewing your music in your browser, or with a different PDF reader. If this is still not working for you, please contact us at digital@sheetmusicplus.com and include your order number.
Printing Questions
Can I print the Digital Download from my iPad or mobile device?
Yes, you will be able to view and print on virtually any platform, including Windows®, Mac OS, and mobile platforms including Android™ and iOS on iPhone and iPad.
What can I do if my music gets cut off on the sides of the paper?
You may want to resize the print to a setting such as "fit to page" or "scale to page" allowing you shrink or enlarge pages when you print. You can size the pages of a PDF to fit the selected paper size in the print options of your local printer.
How many times can I print my Digital Download?
You are only licensed to print as many copies as you have purchased. You may replace a destroyed or lost copy. However, you may not distribute the Digital Download to others or print more copies than purchased for use (i.e., you may not print individual copies for friends or students).
To comply with copyright regulations, you are only permitted to print the number of copies purchased. A watermark is printed at the bottom of each page to insure copyright compliance.
What is the Digital Download watermark?
At the bottom of every page a watermark is printed to comply with copyright laws and regulations. The watermark contains our company name, order number, number of copies purchased, your name, and date of purchase.
Sample Watermark
This site uses cookies to analyze your use of our products, to assist with promotional and marketing efforts, to analyze our traffic and to provide content from third parties. You consent to our cookies and privacy policy if you continue to use this site. Please see our Privacy Policy for details.
Accept Cookies
Close X
By signing up you consent with the terms in our Privacy Policy
I am a music teacher.
Close X