https://www.usakilts.com/information-and-videos/information/terms-conditions.html
Menu
Shop By Tartan / Clan
Face Masks
Kilts & Packages
Kilts for Men
Kilts On Sale
Kilts In Stock
Casual Kilt
Semi Traditional Kilt
5 Yard Wool Kilt
Tweed Kilt
8 Yard Kilts
Custom Woven Tartan Kilt
Great Kilts
Gift Certificate
Kilt Packages
Pub Packages
Argyll Package
Prince Charlie Package
Brian Boru Package
Kilkenny Package
Welsh Package
Tweed Package
Great Kilt Package
Highlander Package
Tartans Exclusive to USA Kilts
American Heritage
Celtic Nations
Firefighters Memorial
Ireland's National
Law Enforcement Memorial
Scruffy Wallace
State Seal Tartan Collection
Gift Card
Accessories
Kilt Accessories
Ghillie Brogues (Shoes)
Hose (Socks) & Flashes
Kilt Belts & Buckles
Kilt Extension Straps
Kilt Jackets & Vests
Kilt Pins
Plaids & Brooches
Gift Card
General Celtic Accessories
Bow Ties & Tartan Ties
Cuff Links
Flasks
Flat Caps, Hats & Cap Badges
Jeans Belt & Buckles
Luggage, Hangers & Kilt Carriers
Men's Jewelry, Pendants & Leather Cuffs
Pocket Watches
Pouches & Bottle Holder
Tartan Fabric Material
Trews / Trousers
Wallets & Money Clips
Sporrans
Day Sporrans
Dress Sporrans
Horsehair, US Military & Service Sporrans
Hunting Sporrans
Semi Dress Sporrans
Sporran Chain, Hangers & Strap
Shirts
T-shirts
Guinness
Sport / Performance Fabric
Longsleeve, Hoodie & Sweaters
Polo & Button Down Shirts
Highland, Jacobite & Grandfather Shirts
Collections
Brown Leather
Clan Crest
Firefighter
Irish
Law Enforcement
Masonic
Welsh
US Army
US Air Force
US Coast Guard
US Marine Corps
US Navy
Viking / Norse
Gift & Home
Apparel
Celtic Leather Goods
Hats & Caps
Scarves
Shawls & Sashes
Tartan Ties, Neckties & Bow Ties
Celtic Home Goods
Flasks
Glassware
Kitchen & Dining Room
Luggage & Hangers
Quaichs
Tankards
Wall Art
Celtic Jewelry
Bracelets & Bangles
Claddagh Rings
Cuff Links
Earrings
Ladies Brooches & Pins
Necklaces & Pendants
Pocket Watches
Gift Card
Gifts Under $60
Sale
Bagpipers
Bagpipes
Peter Henderson
RG Hardie
Chanters & Reeds
Chanters
Reeds
Bagpipe Parts
Blowpipes & Blowsticks
Moisture Control
Pipe Bags
Bagpipe Accessories
Bagpipe Cases
General Accessories
Maintenance Supplies
Uniform
Footwear
Hats, Hackles & Cap Badges
Jackets, Doublets & Vests
Kilts
Plaids & Plaid Brooches
Sporrans
Women & Children
Women's Boutique
Brooches & Pins
Handbags, Purses & Wallets
Jewelry
Kilted Skirts & Tartan Mini Kilts
Scarves
Tartan Sashes & Shawls
Tops & Sweaters
Women's Sporrans
Gifts For Her
Kid's Kilts & Accessories
Kids Kilt
Kids Sporrans
Info & Videos
Information
Band & Group Discounts
Celtic Artisan Guarantee
Contact Us & Store Hours
Kilt Related FAQ's
Return & Exchange Policy
Things to consider...
Which Kilt Is Right for Me?
Who We Are
Kilt Compare
Terms & Conditions
SK Compare
Privacy Policy
Core principles
Shipping
Measuring Instructions
Casual Kilt
Semi Trad, 5 & 8 Yard Kilts
Jacket & Vest
Mini Kilt
Kilted Skirt
Galleries
PV Gallery
11 oz Wool Gallery
13 - 16 oz Wool Gallery
Clan Crest Gallery
Videos
Educational & Tutorial Videos
Product Guide Videos
Measuring Guide Videos
Tour Our Store
Celtic Wedding Guide
For the Groom
For the Bride
Celtic Wedding Traditions
Make Every Detail Special
Tartan Designer
Free US Shipping!
Account
(800) 368 8633
sales@usakilts.com
Contact Us
$2.99 US Shipping
Login
Search
Phone
My Cart (0)
Search
Home
/
Info & Videos
/
Information
/
Terms & Conditions
Tartan / Clan
Search
Free Shipping!
(800) 368-8633
sales@usakilts.com
My Cart (0)
Account
Login
My Account
Orders
Wishlist
Contact Us
(800) 368 8633
Sales@USAKilts.com
Due to Covid, we are "By Appointment Only".
Email us to set up appointment
3389 Schuylkill Rd.
Spring City, PA 19475
Home
/
Info & Videos
/
Information
/
Terms & Conditions
Tartan / Clan
Search
Free Shipping!
×
Log in
E-mail address *
Password *
Forgot Password
Login
or
Register
×
Register
First Name *
Last Name *
E-mail address *
Password *
Confirm Password *
Subscribe to Newsletter
Register
or
Login
First name is required!
Last name is required!
First name is not valid!
Last name is not valid!
This is not an email address!
Email address is required!
This email is already registered!
Password is required!
Enter a valid password!
Please enter 6 or more characters!
Please enter 16 or less characters!
Passwords are not same!
Terms and Conditions are required!
Captcha needed!
Email or Password is incorrect.
Terms and Conditions
Agreement between user and www.usakilts.com
Welcome to www.usakilts.com. The www.usakilts.com website (the "Site") is comprised of various web pages operated by USA Kilts, Inc ("USA Kilts"). www.usakilts.com is offered to you conditioned on your acceptance without modification of the terms, conditions, and notices contained herein (the "Terms"). Your use of www.usakilts.com constitutes your agreement to all such Terms. Please read these terms carefully, and keep a copy of them for your reference.
www.usakilts.com is a E-commerce Site
USA Kilts sells kilts and related highland wear accessories.
Electronic Communications
Visiting www.usakilts.com or sending emails to USA Kilts constitutes electronic communications. You consent to receive electronic communications and you agree that all agreements, notices, disclosures and other communications that we provide to you electronically, via email and on the Site, satisfy any legal requirement that such communications be in writing.
Your account
If you use this site, you are responsible for maintaining the confidentiality of your account and password and for restricting access to your computer, and you agree to accept responsibility for all activities that occur under your account or password. You may not assign or otherwise transfer your account to any other person or entity. You acknowledge that USA Kilts is not responsible for third party access to your account that results from theft or misappropriation of your account. USA Kilts and its associates reserve the right to refuse or cancel service, terminate accounts, or remove or edit content in our sole discretion.
USA Kilts does not knowingly collect, either online or offline, personal information from persons under the age of thirteen. If you are under 18, you may use www.usakilts.com only with permission of a parent or guardian.
Payment Payment through the site will be made using USA Kilts Gift Cards or via Visa, Mastercard or Discover credit / debit cards.  USA Kilts' terms are payment in full at the time the order is placed.
Cancellation/Refund Policy
You may cancel orders for "Ready Made" items before you receive a shipping notification by calling the store at 800.368.8633. Items which are "Custom" items as shown on the product page by the "scissors" icon (any item which must be special ordered for the customer from our suppliers which include but are not limited to any tartan products , custom made jackets, clan crest items, etc) may not be cancelled once the product has left our supplier.
Links to third party sites/Third party services
www.usakilts.com may contain links to other websites ("Linked Sites"). The Linked Sites are not under the control of USA Kilts and USA Kilts is not responsible for the contents of any Linked Site, including without limitation any link contained in a Linked Site, or any changes or updates to a Linked Site. USA Kilts is providing these links to you only as a convenience, and the inclusion of any link does not imply endorsement by USA Kilts of the site or any association with its operators.
Certain services made available via www.usakilts.com are delivered by third party sites and organizations. By using any product, service or functionality originating from the www.usakilts.com domain, you hereby acknowledge and consent that USA Kilts may share such information and data with any third party with whom USA Kilts has a contractual relationship to provide the requested product, service or functionality on behalf of www.usakilts.com users and customers.  The aforementioned notwithstanding, your private information including your email, credit card data and billing data will never be shared with anyone outside of USA Kilts.
No unlawful or prohibited use/Intellectual Property
You are granted a non-exclusive, non-transferable, revocable license to access and use www.usakilts.com strictly in accordance with these terms of use. As a condition of your use of the Site, you warrant to USA Kilts that you will not use the Site for any purpose that is unlawful or prohibited by these Terms. You may not use the Site in any manner which could damage, disable, overburden, or impair the Site or interfere with any other party's use and enjoyment of the Site. You may not obtain or attempt to obtain any materials or information through any means not intentionally made available or provided for through the Site.
All content included as part of the Service, such as text, graphics, logos, images, as well as the compilation thereof, and any software used on the Site, is the property of USA Kilts or its suppliers and protected by copyright and other laws that protect intellectual property and proprietary rights. You agree to observe and abide by all copyright and other proprietary notices, legends or other restrictions contained in any such content and will not make any changes thereto.
You will not modify, publish, transmit, reverse engineer, participate in the transfer or sale, create derivative works, or in any way exploit any of the content, in whole or in part, found on the Site. USA Kilts content is not for resale. Your use of the Site does not entitle you to make any unauthorized use of any protected content, and in particular you will not delete or alter any proprietary rights or attribution notices in any content. You will use protected content solely for your personal use, and will make no other use of the content without the express written permission of USA Kilts and the copyright owner. You agree that you do not acquire any ownership rights in any protected content. We do not grant you any licenses, express or implied, to the intellectual property of USA Kilts or our licensors except as expressly authorized by these Terms.
Use of communication services
The Site may contain bulletin board services, chat areas, news groups, forums, communities, personal web pages, calendars, and/or other message or communication facilities designed to enable you to communicate with the public at large or with a group (collectively, "Communication Services"), you agree to use the Communication Services only to post, send and receive messages and material that are proper and related to the particular Communication Service.
By way of example, and not as a limitation, you agree that when using a Communication Service, you will not: defame, abuse, harass, stalk, threaten or otherwise violate the legal rights (such as rights of privacy and publicity) of others; publish, post, upload, distribute or disseminate any inappropriate, profane, defamatory, infringing, obscene, indecent or unlawful topic, name, material or information; upload files that contain software or other material protected by intellectual property laws (or by rights of privacy of publicity) unless you own or control the rights thereto or have received all necessary consents; upload files that contain viruses, corrupted files, or any other similar software or programs that may damage the operation of another's computer; advertise or offer to sell or buy any goods or services for any business purpose, unless such Communication Service specifically allows such messages; conduct or forward surveys, contests, pyramid schemes or chain letters; download any file posted by another user of a Communication Service that you know, or reasonably should know, cannot be legally distributed in such manner; falsify or delete any author attributions, legal or other proper notices or proprietary designations or labels of the origin or source of software or other material contained in a file that is uploaded, restrict or inhibit any other user from using and enjoying the Communication Services; violate any code of conduct or other guidelines which may be applicable for any particular Communication Service; harvest or otherwise collect information about others, including e-mail addresses, without their consent; violate any applicable laws or regulations.
USA Kilts has no obligation to monitor the Communication Services. However, USA Kilts reserves the right to review materials posted to a Communication Service and to remove any materials in its sole discretion. USA Kilts reserves the right to terminate your access to any or all of the Communication Services at any time without notice for any reason whatsoever.
USA Kilts reserves the right at all times to disclose any information as necessary to satisfy any applicable law, regulation, legal process or governmental request, or to edit, refuse to post or to remove any information or materials, in whole or in part, in USA Kilts's sole discretion.
Always use caution when giving out any personally identifying information about yourself or your children in any Communication Service. USA Kilts does not control or endorse the content, messages or information found in any Communication Service and, therefore, USA Kilts specifically disclaims any liability with regard to the Communication Services and any actions resulting from your participation in any Communication Service. Managers and hosts are not authorized USA Kilts spokespersons, and their views do not necessarily reflect those of USA Kilts.
Materials uploaded to a Communication Service may be subject to posted limitations on usage, reproduction and/or dissemination. You are responsible for adhering to such limitations if you upload the materials.
Materials provided to www.usakilts.com or posted on any USA Kilts web page
USA Kilts does not claim ownership of the materials you provide to www.usakilts.com (including feedback and suggestions) or post, upload, input or submit to any USA Kilts Site or our associated services (collectively "Submissions"). However, by posting, uploading, inputting, providing or submitting your Submission you are granting USA Kilts, our affiliated companies and necessary sublicensees permission to use your Submission in connection with the operation of their Internet businesses including, without limitation, the rights to: copy, distribute, transmit, publicly display, publicly perform, reproduce, edit, translate and reformat your Submission; and to publish your name in connection with your Submission.
No compensation will be paid with respect to the use of your Submission, as provided herein. USA Kilts is under no obligation to post or use any Submission you may provide and may remove any Submission at any time in USA Kilts's sole discretion.
By posting, uploading, inputting, providing or submitting your Submission you warrant and represent that you own or otherwise control all of the rights to your Submission as described in this section including, without limitation, all the rights necessary for you to provide, post, upload, input or submit the Submissions.
International Users
The Service is controlled, operated and administered by USA Kilts from our offices within the USA. If you access the Service from a location outside the USA, you are responsible for compliance with all local laws, including duties brought on by a customs agency for purchasing products from www.usakilts.com.  Customs duties are the sole responsibility of the customer. You agree that you will not use the USA Kilts Content accessed through www.usakilts.com in any country or in any manner prohibited by any applicable laws, restrictions or regulations.
Indemnification
You agree to indemnify, defend and hold harmless USA Kilts, its officers, directors, employees, agents and third parties, for any losses, costs, liabilities and expenses (including reasonable attorney's fees) relating to or arising out of your use of or inability to use the Site or services, any user postings made by you, your violation of any terms of this Agreement or your violation of any rights of a third party, or your violation of any applicable laws, rules or regulations. USA Kilts reserves the right, at its own cost, to assume the exclusive defense and control of any matter otherwise subject to indemnification by you, in which event you will fully cooperate with USA Kilts in asserting any available defenses.
Arbitration
In the event the parties are not able to resolve any dispute between them arising out of or concerning these Terms and Conditions, or any provisions hereof, whether in contract, tort, or otherwise at law or in equity for damages or any other relief, then such dispute shall be resolved only by final and binding arbitration pursuant to the Federal Arbitration Act, conducted by a single neutral arbitrator and administered by the American Arbitration Association, or a similar arbitration service selected by the parties, in a location in the state of Pennsylvania, in the counties of Chester or Montgomery. The arbitrators award shall be final, and judgment may be entered upon it in any court having jurisdiction. In the event that any legal or equitable action, proceeding or arbitration arises out of or concerns these Terms and Conditions, the prevailing party shall be entitled to recover its costs and reasonable attorney's fees. The parties agree to arbitrate all disputes and claims in regards to these Terms and Conditions or any disputes arising as a result of these Terms and Conditions, whether directly or indirectly, including Tort claims that are a result of these Terms and Conditions. The parties agree that the Federal Arbitration Act governs the interpretation and enforcement of this provision. The entire dispute, including the scope and enforceability of this arbitration provision shall be determined by the Arbitrator. This arbitration provision shall survive the termination of these Terms and Conditions.
Liability disclaimer
THE INFORMATION, SOFTWARE, PRODUCTS, AND SERVICES INCLUDED IN OR AVAILABLE THROUGH THE SITE MAY INCLUDE INACCURACIES OR TYPOGRAPHICAL ERRORS. CHANGES ARE PERIODICALLY ADDED TO THE INFORMATION HEREIN. USA KILTS, INC AND/OR ITS SUPPLIERS MAY MAKE IMPROVEMENTS AND/OR CHANGES IN THE SITE AT ANY TIME.
USA KILTS, INC AND/OR ITS SUPPLIERS MAKE NO REPRESENTATIONS ABOUT THE SUITABILITY, RELIABILITY, AVAILABILITY, TIMELINESS, AND ACCURACY OF THE INFORMATION, SOFTWARE, PRODUCTS, SERVICES AND RELATED GRAPHICS CONTAINED ON THE SITE FOR ANY PURPOSE. TO THE MAXIMUM EXTENT PERMITTED BY APPLICABLE LAW, ALL SUCH INFORMATION, SOFTWARE, PRODUCTS, SERVICES AND RELATED GRAPHICS ARE PROVIDED "AS IS" WITHOUT WARRANTY OR CONDITION OF ANY KIND. USA KILTS, INC AND/OR ITS SUPPLIERS HEREBY DISCLAIM ALL WARRANTIES AND CONDITIONS WITH REGARD TO THIS INFORMATION, SOFTWARE, PRODUCTS, SERVICES AND RELATED GRAPHICS, INCLUDING ALL IMPLIED WARRANTIES OR CONDITIONS OF MERCHANTABILITY, FITNESS FOR A PARTICULAR PURPOSE, TITLE AND NON-INFRINGEMENT.
TO THE MAXIMUM EXTENT PERMITTED BY APPLICABLE LAW, IN NO EVENT SHALL USA KILTS, INC AND/OR ITS SUPPLIERS BE LIABLE FOR ANY DIRECT, INDIRECT, PUNITIVE, INCIDENTAL, SPECIAL, CONSEQUENTIAL DAMAGES OR ANY DAMAGES WHATSOEVER INCLUDING, WITHOUT LIMITATION, DAMAGES FOR LOSS OF USE, DATA OR PROFITS, ARISING OUT OF OR IN ANY WAY CONNECTED WITH THE USE OR PERFORMANCE OF THE SITE, WITH THE DELAY OR INABILITY TO USE THE SITE OR RELATED SERVICES, THE PROVISION OF OR FAILURE TO PROVIDE SERVICES, OR FOR ANY INFORMATION, SOFTWARE, PRODUCTS, SERVICES AND RELATED GRAPHICS OBTAINED THROUGH THE SITE, OR OTHERWISE ARISING OUT OF THE USE OF THE SITE, WHETHER BASED ON CONTRACT, TORT, NEGLIGENCE, STRICT LIABILITY OR OTHERWISE, EVEN IF USA KILTS, INC OR ANY OF ITS SUPPLIERS HAS BEEN ADVISED OF THE POSSIBILITY OF DAMAGES. BECAUSE SOME STATES/JURISDICTIONS DO NOT ALLOW THE EXCLUSION OR LIMITATION OF LIABILITY FOR CONSEQUENTIAL OR INCIDENTAL DAMAGES, THE ABOVE LIMITATION MAY NOT APPLY TO YOU. IF YOU ARE DISSATISFIED WITH ANY PORTION OF THE SITE, OR WITH ANY OF THESE TERMS OF USE, YOUR SOLE AND EXCLUSIVE REMEDY IS TO DISCONTINUE USING THE SITE.
Termination/access restriction
USA Kilts reserves the right, in its sole discretion, to terminate your access to the Site and the related services or any portion thereof at any time, without notice. To the maximum extent permitted by law, this agreement is governed by the laws of the State of Pennsylvania and you hereby consent to the exclusive jurisdiction and venue of courts in Pennsylvania in all disputes arising out of or relating to the use of the Site. Use of the Site is unauthorized in any jurisdiction that does not give effect to all provisions of these Terms, including, without limitation, this section.
You agree that no joint venture, partnership, employment, or agency relationship exists between you and USA Kilts as a result of this agreement or use of the Site. USA Kilts's performance of this agreement is subject to existing laws and legal process, and nothing contained in this agreement is in derogation of USA Kilts's right to comply with governmental, court and law enforcement requests or requirements relating to your use of the Site or information provided to or gathered by USA Kilts with respect to such use. If any part of this agreement is determined to be invalid or unenforceable pursuant to applicable law including, but not limited to, the warranty disclaimers and liability limitations set forth above, then the invalid or unenforceable provision will be deemed superseded by a valid, enforceable provision that most closely matches the intent of the original provision and the remainder of the agreement shall continue in effect.
Unless otherwise specified herein, this agreement constitutes the entire agreement between the user and USA Kilts with respect to the Site and it supersedes all prior or contemporaneous communications and proposals, whether electronic, oral or written, between the user and USA Kilts with respect to the Site. A printed version of this agreement and of any notice given in electronic form shall be admissible in judicial or administrative proceedings based upon or relating to this agreement to the same extent and subject to the same conditions as other business documents and records originally generated and maintained in printed form. It is the express wish to the parties that this agreement and all related documents be written in English.
Changes to Terms
USA Kilts reserves the right, in its sole discretion, to change the Terms under which www.usakilts.com is offered. The most current version of the Terms will supersede all previous versions. USA Kilts encourages you to periodically review the Terms to stay informed of our updates.
Contact Us
USA Kilts welcomes your questions or comments regarding the Terms:
USA Kilts, Inc
3389 Schuylkill Rd
Spring City, Pennsylvania 19475
Email Address:
rocky@usakilts.com
Telephone number:
610.948.4110
Effective as of September 19, 2015
Follow us
Information
Measuring instructions
Things to consider
Which kilt is right for you
Returns & exchanges
Terms & conditions
About
Contact us & store hours
Virtual Tour
Celtic artisan guarantee
Core Principles
Get to Know USA Kilts
Newsletter
Subscribe
Most relevant matches are shown. Click Search for more items
If you don't see what you're looking for here, try a different spelling or phrase.
Alternatively, navigate the store using the menu under our logo.