http://www.dalescraft.com/privacy-policy
Home
Privacy Policy
About Us
Contact Us
FAQs
Delivery
Terms
Privacy Policy
Refund Policy
Privacy Policy
1. This privacy policy sets out how XXX uses and protects information that you give when you use this website.2. We are committed to ensuring that your privacy is protected at all times. Any information that you provide will be handled in accordance with this privacy policy.3. We may change this policy from time to time by updating this page and so you should check it regularly to ensure that you are happy with any changes.4. Data we collect about youWe may collect the following information about you:i) Your Name
ii) Company Name
iii) Telephone Number
iv) Email Address
v) Any postal addresses that you provideThis information will be taken from you at the time that you make a purchase through our online store, or make contact with us through the contact us page on our online profile.5. How we handle your dataWe use this information for the following reasons:i) Process any orders you make through our ecommerce platform
ii) Improve our products and services
iii) For marketing our products and services to you
iv) For market research6. We are committed to ensuring that the data you provide is handled securely and have put in place suitable physical, electronic and managerial processes to safeguard your information.7. CookiesCookies are small files which are placed on your computer's hard drive. Cookies help this website to analyse traffic and visitors and help our site respond to you as an individual.We use traffic log cookies to identify which pages are being used on our site and analyse visitor behaviour through statistics.8. Links to other websitesYou may encounter a link to an external website page whilst visiting our online store or profile on this website. If the link is to a website that is operated by a third party you should know that we have no control over that website and as such cannot be responsible for the protection and privacy of your data or information you provide whilst visiting the site.9. Controlling your informationYou may request details of personal information that we hold about you under the Data Protection Act 1998. A small fee will be payable. If you would like a copy of the information held on you please contact us.If you believe that any information we hold about you is incorrect or incomplete then please write to or email us as soon as possible and we will promptly correct any information found to be incorrect.
X
This website uses cookies to ensure that you get the best experience on our website. Read our
privacy policy.
I accept