http://www.nycewheels.com/legal/cookies
Find a store
Support
Login
United States
United States
Choose country
Update
Brompton
Brompton
Bikes
Shop
Inspiration
Owners
Brompton
Brompton Electric
Superlight
Special Editions
Black Edition
CHPT3
Bikes in Stock
Help me choose
Why Brompton?
How to Fold
How it's made
Test Ride
Brompton
Brompton Electric
Superlight
Special Editions
Black Edition
CHPT3
Bikes in Stock
Help me choose
Why Brompton?
How to Fold
How it's made
Test Ride
Brompton
The original folding bike. Small. Light. Durable.
Discover
Help me choose
Brompton Electric
Smart E-Bike. Made for you.
Discover
Why Buy an Electric Bike?
Superlight
Superlight. Made for speed. Made with titanium.
Discover
Brompton Store
Bikes
Parts and Accessories
Bags
Clothing
Lighting and Visibility
City Apparel
Logo Collection
Jackets
Stay dry, visible and stylish. For the everyday cyclist who wants to look great anywhere.
Visibility
Lights and reflective accessories that will keep you visible in the dark.
Unlock the city
Benefits
Owner Stories
Campaign for Movement
Behind the Brochure
Hire a Brompton
Amazing Journeys
Press Reviews
We Are Brompton
Brompton on Instagram
Brompton Brochure
Support
Register Your Brompton
Top Tips
Maintenance
How to Fold
Support Centre
Factory Tours
Events
Community
Brompton Lab
Register your bike
Stay up-to-date about the latest upgrades for your bike and Brompton news.
Brompton Insurance
Protect your Brompton with comprehensive bike insurance.
Home
Legal
Cookies
What are Cookies?
A cookie is a very small piece of information that a website stores to save and collect basic information.
Many cookies are essential to the operation of our website, for example to allow you to make a purchase or create an account with us.
Cookies on our site are also used to customise certain areas of content just for you, and to make your browsing experience more efficient and faster.
How we use Cookies
Cookies on our website are used for the following purposes
To enable you to add items to your shopping basket and purchase them.
To enable you to create an account to have information such as order history, or your details remembered for later.
To improve the website's usability by saving you time on making a purchase or tracking your order.
To analyse the use of our website through Analytics software such as Google Analytics.
Information Collected
The cookies our website uses do not collect any sensitive information such as your name, address, email address, or any other contact details. The cookies this website uses are:
Strictly Necessary Cookies
These cookies perform important functions on our web site.  Without them we cannot provide you with basic features and normal web site behaviour which you will expect from us. For this reason, you cannot disable these cookies.
Name
Description
Purpose
ASP.NET_SessionId
System cookie
This is a temporary cookie file which is erased when you close your web browser. When you restart your browser and revisit our site, the website will not recognise you.
.ASPXAUTH
System cookie
This cookie is used to identify that you are signed in to the web site.
cookiesViewed
Application cookie
This cookie is to help us remember that you have seen the cookie message required by law.
Functional Cookies
These cookies allow our web site to remember choices you make and provide enhanced, more personal features. They may also be used to provide services or functionality you indicate you are interested in through interactions with our web site. These cookies are only used to provide an improved browsing experience and we do not pass information about the choices you make to any third party or other organisation.
Name
Description
Purpose
BromptonConfiguratorCountry
Application cookie
This cookie is used to show relevant information for each Region.
website#lang
Sitecore CMS cookie
This cookie will save the chosed language for the website.
Performance Cookies
These cookies collect general information about how visitors use our web site to help us improve our web site for everyone. For instance, we track which pages visitors go to most often and if they get error messages or broken links. These cookies do not collect personal information that identifies a visitor. All the information these cookies collect is aggregated and therefore anonymous.
Name
Description
Purpose
_ga
Google Analytics
Google Analytics is a third-party traffic analysis service that helps us understand how visitors use our web site. The information generated by the cookie about your use of the website (including your IP address) will be transmitted to and stored by Google on servers in the United States. Google will use this information for the purpose of evaluating your use of the website, compiling reports on website activity for website operators and providing other services relating to website activity and internet usage. Google may also transfer this information to third parties where required to do so by law, or where such third parties process the information on Google's behalf. Google will not associate your IP address with any other data held by Google. You can opt-out of all Google Analytics cookies by installing a browser add-on provided by Google:https://tools.google.com/dlpage/gaoptout
Targetting or Advertising Cookies
These cookies are used to deliver adverts more relevant to you and your interests. They are also used to limit the number of times you see an advertisement as well as help measure the effectiveness of the advertising campaign. They are usually placed by advertising networks with our permission. They remember that you have visited a website and this information is shared with other organisations such as advertisers. Quite often targeting or advertising cookies will be linked to site functionality provided by the other organisation.
Name
Description
Purpose
guest_id, pid
Twitter
You can find out more about how Twitter uses cookies on its web site: http://twitter.com/privacy
pixel
Facebook
You can find out more about how Facebook uses cookies on its web site:https://en-gb.facebook.com/policies/cookies/
sub2
Sub2Tech
You can find out more about how Sub2Tech uses cookies on its web site:https://webservices.sub2tech.com/optout/optout.aspx
yotpo
Yotpo
You can find out more about how Yotpo uses cookies on its web site:https://www.yotpo.com/privacy-policy/
If you wish to disable any cookie listed above for which we have not provided a specific means of disabling, you can also use your browser settings to disable cookies. An explanation of how to do this can be found here. Please note: By disabling cookies in your browser, you may render some of the functionality on our web site (and other web sites you visit) unusable and we make no guarantees as to the performance of our web site when cookies are disabled.
We have several third party services and analytics installed on website for tracking user activities such as the user hits, pages visited or how long the user has spent on each page etc.
There are list of this services:
Google Analytics - for tracking user activities
Facebook Analytics - for tracking user activities
Sub2Tech - for tracking user activities
Yotpo – to share user experience reviews for Brompton services  and products.
These services do not keep personal information in cookies, identify users anonymously. We don't control the setting of these cookies, so we suggest you check the third-party websites for more information about their cookies and how to manage them.
MANAGING COOKIES
If cookies aren't enabled on your computer, it will mean that your experience on our website will be limited to browsing; you won't be able to purchase a tag or use your account section.
To enable cookies
If you're not sure of the type and version of web browser you use to access the Internet:
- For PCs: click on 'Help' at the top of your browser window and select the 'About' option
- For Macs: with the browser window open, click on the Apple menu and select the 'About' option.
How to check cookies are enabled for PCs
Google Chrome
Click on the spanner icon at the top of your browser window and select Settings.
Click the Advanced Settings link at the foot of the page, locate the 'Privacy' section, and select the 'Content settings' button
Now select 'Allow local data to be set'
Microsoft Internet Explorer 6.0, 7.0, 8.0
Click on 'Tools' at the top of your browser window and select 'Internet options' , then click on the 'Privacy' tab
Ensure that your Privacy level is set to Medium or below, which will enable cookies in your browser
Settings above Medium will disable cookies
Mozilla Firefox
Click on 'Tools' at the top of your browser window and select Options
Then select the Privacy icon
Click on Cookies, then select 'allow sites to set cookies'
Safari
Click on the Cog icon at the top of your browser window and select the 'Preferences' option
Click on 'Security', check the option that says 'Block third-party and advertising cookies'
Click 'Save'
How to check cookies are enabled for Macs
Microsoft Internet Explorer 5.0 on OSX
Click on 'Explorer' at the top of your browser window and select 'Preferences' options
Scroll down until you see 'Cookies' under Receiving Files
Select the 'Never Ask' option
Safari on OSX
Click on 'Safari' at the top of your browser window and select the 'Preferences' option
Click on 'Security' then 'Accept cookies'
Select the 'Only from site you navigate to'
Mozilla and Netscape on OSX
Click on 'Mozilla' or 'Netscape' at the top of your browser window and select the 'Preferences' option
Scroll down until you see cookies under 'Privacy & Security'
Select 'Enable cookies for the originating web site only'
Opera
Click on 'Menu' at the top of your browser window and select 'Settings'
Then select 'Preferences', select the 'Advanced' tab
Then select 'Accept cookies' option
For more information about cookies visit aboutcookies.org
This Website uses cookies
We use cookies to personalize content and ads, to provide social media features and to analyze our traffic. We also share information about your use of our site with our social media, advertising and analytics partners who may combine it with other information that you've provided to them or that they've collected from your use of their services.
Show details
Opt-out
Accept & close
Keep in touch with all things Brompton?
Register
Quick Links
Register
Support
Find a Store
Community
About Us
Careers
Contact us
History
Dealers
Login to trade portal
Become a Dealer
Hiring Brompton
Brompton Bike Hire
© 2020 Brompton Bicycle Inc
Delivery Information
Returns
Terms Of Use
Modern Slavery Statement
Cookie Policy
Privacy Policy
Sitemap