https://www.truestrike.com/privacy-policy/
Privacy Policy - TrueStrike Golf Practice Mats
Where To Buy
Menu
Skip to content
Home
TrueStrike Golf Mat
Practice Mats
Mat Sections
Mat Spares
Home Range
Business Range
Why TrueStrike
Design
Health
Benefits
Commercial Applications
Driving Range
Club Fitting & Testing
Golf Tee Lines
Golf Academies/PGA Pro’s
Golf At Home
Practice Net Setup
Launch Monitor Setup
Advertising
PGA Pro Guide
FAQs
Range Solutions
Range Refurbishment Service
Bay Dividers
Netted Enclosures
Flooring and Surfacing
Outfield Targets
Ball Dispensers
Range Maxx Inclining Lid
Range Maxx Twins
Range Maxx Flat Lid
Automated Ball Management & Robotic Mowing
Who Uses
TrueStrike Locations
Driving Range Installations
Facility/PGA Testimonials
What Golfers Say
Gallery
News
News Archive
Upcoming Events
Contact Us
Warranty Registration
TrueStrike Distributors
Privacy Policy
Effective: December 2014,  Last Updated: May 19th 2018
The policy: This privacy policy notice is for this website; www.truestrike.com and served by BOP Europe Ltd and governs the privacy of those who use it. The purpose of this policy is to explain to you how we control, process, handle and protect your personal information while browsing or using this website, including your rights under current laws and regulations. If you do not agree to the following policy you may wish to cease viewing / using this website.
Definitions
“I”, “our”, “us”, or “we” refer to the business,
BOP Europe Ltd is registered in England. Company number  06377379
Registered office
BOP Europe Ltd
Unit 3 Business Centre West
Avenue One,
Letchworth Garden City
Hertfordshire,
SG6 2HB
“you”, “the user” refer to the person(s) using this website.
GDPR means General Data Protection Act.
PECR means Privacy & Electronic Communications Regulation.
ICO means Information Commissioner’s Office.
Cookies mean small files stored on a users computer or device.
Data Controller: Administrator Manager
How to contact the Data Controller: You can contact the data controller by writing to the address above or sending an email to privacy@truestrike.com.
Your individual rights
We are registered with the ICO under the Data Protection Register, our registration number is: ZA359762.
Under the GDPR your rights are as follows. You can read more about your rights in details here;
the right to be informed;
the right of access;
the right to rectification;
the right to erasure;
the right to restrict processing;
the right to data portability;
the right to object; and
the right not to be subject to automated decision-making including profiling.
You also have the right to complain to the ICO www.ico.org.uk if you feel there is a problem with the way we are handling your data.
We handle subject access requests in accordance with the GDPR.
Internet cookies
As is common practice with almost all professional websites this site uses cookies, which are tiny files that are downloaded to your computer, to improve your experience. This section describes what information they gather, how we use it and why we sometimes need to store these cookies. We will also share how you can prevent these cookies from being stored however this may downgrade or ‘break’ certain elements of the sites functionality.
How We Use Cookies
We use cookies for a variety of reasons detailed below. Unfortunately in most cases there are no industry standard options for disabling cookies without completely disabling the functionality and features they add to this site. It is recommended that you leave on all cookies if you are not sure whether you need them or not in case they are used to provide a service that you use.
Disabling Cookies
You can prevent the setting of cookies by adjusting the settings on your browser (see your browser Help for how to do this). Be aware that disabling cookies will affect the functionality of this and many other websites that you visit. Disabling cookies will usually result in also disabling certain functionality and features of this site. Therefore it is recommended that you do not disable cookies.
The Cookies We Set
Email newsletters related cookies
This site offers newsletter or email subscription services and cookies may be used to remember if you are already registered and whether to show certain notifications which might only be valid to subscribed/unsubscribed users.
Orders processing related cookies
This site offers e-commerce or payment facilities and some cookies are essential to ensure that your order is remembered between pages so that we can process it properly.
Third Party Cookies
In some special cases we also use cookies provided by trusted third parties. The following section details which third party cookies you might encounter through this site.
This site uses Google Analytics which is one of the most widespread and trusted analytics solution on the web for helping us to understand how you use the site and ways that we can improve your experience. These cookies may track things such as how long you spend on the site and the pages that you visit so we can continue to produce engaging content.
For more information on Google Analytics cookies, see the official Google Analytics page.
From time to time we test new features and make subtle changes to the way that the site is delivered. When we are still testing new features these cookies may be used to ensure that you receive a consistent experience whilst on the site whilst ensuring we understand which optimisations our users appreciate the most.
As we sell products it’s important for us to understand statistics about how many of the visitors to our site actually make a purchase and as such this is the kind of data that these cookies will track. This is important to you as it means that we can accurately make business predictions that allow us to monitor our advertising and product costs to ensure the best possible price.
We also use social media buttons and/or plugins on this site that allow you to connect with your social network in various ways. For these to work the following social media sites including; Facebook, Twitter, Linkedin, Instagram will set cookies through our site which may be used to enhance your profile on their site or contribute to the data they hold for various purposes outlined in their respective privacy policies.
For more information please see our cookie policy
Sensitive Data
We do not collect any Sensitive Data about you. Sensitive data refers to data that includes details about your race or ethnicity, religious or philosophical beliefs, sex life, sexual orientation, political opinions, trade union membership, information about your health and genetic and biometric data. We do not collect any information about criminal convictions and offences.
How we use your personal data
We will only use your personal data when legally permitted. The most common uses of your personal data are:
Where we need to perform the requirements of the contract between us when you make a purchase either from our website or in response to a direct mailing from us.
Where it is necessary for our legitimate interests (or those of a third party, such as our payment processor PayPal) and your interests and fundamental rights do not override those interests.
Where we need to comply with a legal or regulatory obligation.
Generally, we do not rely on consent as a legal ground for processing your personal data, other than in relation to sending marketing communications to you via post or email. You have the right to withdraw consent to marketing at any time by emailing us at privacy@truestrike.com or writing to us at Unit 3 Business Centre West, Avenue One, Letchworth Garden City, Hertfordshire, SG6 2HB.
Purposes for processing your personal data
Set out below is a description of the ways we intend to use your personal data and the legal grounds on which we will process such data. We have also explained what our legitimate interests are where relevant.
We may process your personal data for more than one lawful ground, depending on the specific purpose for which we are using your data.
Please email us at privacy@truestrike.com or write to us at Unit 3 Business Centre West, Avenue One, Letchworth Garden City Hertfordshire, SG6 2HB. If you need details about the specific legal ground we are relying on to process your personal data where more than one ground has been set out in the table below.
Purpose/Activity
Type of data
Legal basis for processing
To administer and protect our business and our site (including troubleshooting, data analysis, testing, system maintenance, support, reporting and hosting of data)
(a) Identity (b) Contact (c) Technical
(a) Necessary for our legitimate interests for running our business, provision of administration and IT services, network security, to prevent fraud and in the context of a business reorganisation or group restructuring exercise(b) Necessary to comply with a legal obligation
To deliver relevant content and advertisements to you and measure and understand the effectiveness of our advertising
(a) Identity (b) Contact (c) Profile (d) Usage (e) Marketing and Communications (f) Technical
Necessary for our legitimate interests to study how customers use our products/services, to develop them, to grow our business and to inform our marketing strategy
To enable you to partake in a prize draw, competition or complete a survey
(a) Identity (b) Contact (c) Profile (d) Usage (e) Marketing and Communications
(a) Performance of a contract with you (b) Necessary for our legitimate interests to study how customers use our products/services, to develop them and grow our business
To make suggestions and recommendations to you about goods or services that may be of interest to you
(a) Identity (b) Contact (c) Technical (d) Usage (e) Profile
Necessary for our legitimate interests to develop our products/services and grow our business
To manage our relationship with you which will include:
(a) Notifying you about changes to our terms or privacy policy
(b) Asking you to leave a review or take a survey
(a) Identity (b) Contact (c) Profile (d) Marketing and Communications
(a) Performance of a contract with you
(b) Necessary to comply with a legal obligation
(c) Necessary for our legitimate interests to keep our records updated and to study how customers use our products/services
To process and deliver your order including: (a) Manage payments, fees and charges (b) Collect and recover money owed to us
(a) Identity (b) Contact (c) Financial (d) Transaction (e) Marketing and Communications
(a) Performance of a contract with you (b) Necessary for our legitimate interests to recover money owed to us
To register you as a new customer
(a) Identity (b) Contact
Performance of a contract with you
To use data analytics to improve our website, products/services, marketing, customer relationships and experiences
(a) Technical (b) Usage
Necessary for our legitimate interests to define types of customers for our products and services, to keep our site updated and relevant, to develop our business and to inform our marketing strategy
Email marketing messages & subscription
Under the GDPR we use the consent lawful basis for anyone subscribing to our newsletter or marketing mailing list. We only collect certain data about you, as detailed in the “purposes of processing of your personal data” above. Any email marketing messages we send are done so through an EMS, email marketing service provider. An EMS is a third party service provider of software / applications that allows marketers to send out email marketing campaigns to a list of users.
Email marketing messages that we send may contain tracking beacons / tracked clickable links or similar server technologies in order to track subscriber activity within email marketing messages. Where used, such marketing messages may record a range of data such as; times, dates, I.P addresses, opens, clicks, forwards, geographic and demographic data. Such data, within its limitations will show the activity each subscriber made for that email campaign.
Any email marketing messages we send are in accordance with the GDPR and the PECR. We provide you with an easy method to withdraw your consent (unsubscribe) or manage your preferences / the information we hold about you at any time. See any marketing messages for instructions on how to unsubscribe or manage your preferences otherwise contact our EMS provider.
Our EMS provider is; Mailchimp. We hold the following information about you within our EMS system;
Email address
I.P address
Subscription time & date
Name
Telephone No.
Controlling your personal information
You may choose to restrict the collection or use of your personal information in the following ways:
whenever you are asked to fill in a form on the website, look for the box that you can click to indicate that you want to opt in for information to be used for direct marketing purposes
if you have previously agreed to us using your personal information for direct marketing purposes, you may change your mind at any time by clicking the unsubscribe link in the next email marketing you receive or by writing to the address under the definitions section or by emailing us at privacy@truestrike.com
We will not sell, distribute or lease your personal information to third parties unless we have your permission or are required by law to do so. We may use your personal information to send you promotional information about our products which we think you may find interesting if you tell us that you wish this to happen.
Your Personal Information is protected in the United Kingdom by the Data Protection Act 1998. You have the right to request in writing to receive a copy of the Personal Information held by us, and the source of the Personal Information. Personal data requests are free of charge, unless unfounded and/or excessive, then we may charge a £10 fee for providing the Personal Information to you. Please write to the Administrator Manager at the address above or email privacy@truestrike.com
If you believe that any information we are holding on you is incorrect or incomplete, please write to the address above or email privacy@truestrike.com. We will promptly correct any information found to be incorrect.
We may need to request specific information from you to help us confirm your identity and ensure your right to access your personal data (or to exercise any of your other rights). This is a security measure to ensure that personal data is not disclosed to any person who has no right to receive it. We may also contact you to ask you for further information in relation to your request to speed up our response.
We try to respond to all legitimate requests within one month. Occasionally it may take us longer than a month if your request is particularly complex or you have made a number of requests. In this case, we will notify you and keep you updated.
Disclosures of your personal data
We may have to share your personal data with the parties set out below for the purposes set out in the table in paragraph 2 above:
Service providers who provide IT and system administration services.
Professional advisers including lawyers, bankers, auditors and insurers who provide consultancy, banking, legal, insurance and accounting services.
HM Revenue & Customs, regulators and other authorities based in the United Kingdom and other relevant jurisdictions who require reporting of processing activities in certain circumstances.
PayPal payment processors
Third parties to whom we may sell, transfer, or merge parts of our business or our assets in the future.
We require all third parties to whom we transfer your data to respect the security of your personal data and to treat it in accordance with the law. We only allow such third parties to process your personal data for specified purposes and in accordance with our instructions.
Data Security
We have put in place appropriate security measures to prevent your personal data from being accidentally lost, used or accessed in an unauthorised way, altered or disclosed. In addition, we limit access to your personal data to those employees, agents, contractors and other third parties who have a business need to know such data. They will only process your personal data on our instructions and they are subject to a duty of confidentiality. Our methods meet the GDPR compliance requirement.
We have put in place procedures to deal with any suspected personal data breach and will notify you and any applicable regulator of a breach where we are legally required to do so.
Data Retention
We will only retain your personal data for as long as necessary to fulfil the purposes we collected it for, including for the purposes of satisfying any legal, accounting, or reporting requirements.
To determine the appropriate retention period for personal data, we consider the amount, nature, and sensitivity of the personal data, the potential risk of harm from unauthorised use or disclosure of your personal data, the purposes for which we process your personal data and whether we can achieve those purposes through other means, and the applicable legal requirements.
By law we have to keep basic information about our customers (including Contact, Identity, Financial and Transaction Data) for six years after they cease being customers for tax purposes. Financial and Transactional Data is held by PayPal rather than us. We do not retain any financial information whatsoever.
In some circumstances you can ask us to delete your data: see below for further information.
In some circumstances we may anonymise your personal data (so that it can no longer be associated with you) for research or statistical purposes in which case we may use this information indefinitely without further notice to you.
More Information
Hopefully that has clarified things for you and as was previously mentioned if there is something that you aren’t sure whether you need or not it’s usually safer to leave cookies enabled in case it does interact with one of the features you use on our site.
However if you are still looking for more information then you can contact us by writing to the address above or via email at privacy@truestrike.com
Social Media
TrueStrike MatsPractice Mats
Mat Sections
Mat Spares
Business Range
Home Range
Why TrueStrikeDesign
Health
Benefits
Commercial Applications
Driving Range
Club Fitting/Testing
Golf Tee Lines
Golf Academies/PGA Pro’s
Golf At Home
Practice Net Setup
Launch Monitor Setup
Advertising
PGA Pro Guide
FAQs
Who UsesTrueStrike Locations
Driving Range Installations
Facility/PGA Testimonials
What Golfers Say
Gallery
Transform Your FacilityFacility Solutions
Range Refurbishment Service
Bay Dividers
Netted Enclosures
Flooring and Surfacing
Outfield Targets
Ball Dispensers
Range Maxx Inclining Lid
Range Maxx Twins
Range Maxx Flat Lid
Automated Ball Management & Robotic Mowing
NewsLatest News
News Archive
Upcoming Events
Contact UsSend Us Message
Warranty Registration
TrueStrike Distributors
ResourcesUser Support Guide
Facility / Distributor Packs
Privacy Policy
Cookie Policy
Terms and Conditions