http://www.glassroses.us/estore/index.php?app=cms&ns=display&ref=privacy
HomeShopping CartWish ListCheckoutSite MapContact
Login to enhance your online experience. Login or Create an Account
Shopping Cart
0 Items (Empty)
Recently Viewed Items
You have not viewed any items recently.
Your Shopping Cart
Your shopping cart is currently empty.
If you would like to make a purchase today, add items to your shopping cart.
Categories
Roses
Apple Oil Candle's
Glass Candles
Mirrors Engraved
Sun Catchers Engraved
Nail Files Engraved
Military Engravings
Hummingbird Picks
Hummingbirds Hanging
Rose Oil
Perfume Body Oils for Women
Paraffin Candle Oil's
Easels Display Stands Black Light Flashlight & Accessories
Beveled Glass Mirrors
Kiss Earrings
Quick Store Search
Search Term
Advanced Search
Main Menu
Welcome To Glassroses
Company Information
Store Policies
Privacy Info / Terms Of Use
Privacy Information
Terms Of Use
Cookie Information
Online Store Menu
Store Home
Shopping Cart
Wish List
Checkout
Advanced Search
All Products
Product Index
Specials
Best Sellers
New Products
Privacy Information
We have created this privacy statement in order to demonstrate our firm commitment to privacy.
The following discloses our information gathering and dissemination practices for this web site.
We use your IP address to help diagnose problems with our server, and to administer our Web site.
Your IP address is used to help identify you and to gather broad demographic information.
Our site uses cookies to keep track of your shopping cart.
We use cookies to identify you so we can retrieve your information so you don't have to re-enter it each time you visit our site.
Our site's registration form requires users to give us contact information, like their name and email address, and unique identifiers.
We use customer contact information from the registration form to send the user information about our company.
The customer's contact information is also used to contact the visitor when necessary if they have subscribed to the mail list.
Users may opt-out of receiving future mailings by choosing to un-subscribe.
Unique identifiers are collected to verify the user's identity and for use in our record system.
This site may contain links to other sites.
We are not responsible for the privacy practices or the content of such web sites.
Our site uses an order form for customers to request information, products, and services.
We collect visitor's contact information and unique identifiers.
Contact information from the order form is used to send orders and information about our company to our customers.
The customer's contact information is also used to get in touch with the visitor when necessary.
Users may opt-out of receiving future mailings.
Unique identifiers are collected from Web site visitors to verify the user's identity and for use as account numbers in our record system.
Security
This site has security measures in place to protect the loss, misuse and alteration of the information under our control.
All data is protected using the most advanced methods available.
We do not store financial information like credit card numbers or personal information like social security numbers on this site.
Giuseppi Crystal uses your personal information strictly for the purpose for which you submitted it. We will maintain your mailing information in a secure list. We keep your information in a private and secure database. We never use any information that you provide us for any service that you have not requested. Your satisfaction is our highest priority.
Un-Subscribe
This site gives users the following options for removing their information from our database to not receive future communications or to no longer receive mail list messages.
Send an email to us by visiting the Contact Page.
Manage your email Subscriptions.
Correct/Update
This site gives users the following options for changing and modifying
information previously provided.
Send an email to us by visiting the Contact Page.
Account Menu
Account Login
Create New Account
Delivery Address Book
Email Subscriptions
Send Contact Message
Mobile / Full Site
View Mobile Site
Follow Us
Facebook
Twitter
Google +
YouTube
Pinterest
LinkedIn
Instagram
7710 Opal Bluff DriveReno, Nevada 89506United States
1.775.410.8392
© 2020 Giuseppi CrystalAll rights reserved worldwide
Software:
ClickCartPro, Copyright 1999-2020 Kryptronic, Inc.
Exec Time:
0.059565 Seconds
Memory Usage: 1.751472 Megabytes