http://www.sandafayre.com/privacy-statement
Toggle navigation
My Account
Sign In / Register
Contact Us
Toggle navigation
Search
Home
Stamp Auctions
Current Mail Bid Stamp Auctions
Public Stamp Auctions
Search our Auctions
Request a Catalogue
Lot Alerts
Special Sections
Stamp Collections - Expert's Choice
Highlights - Our Favourite lots
Invoice Payment
Stamps by Country
Popular Collecting Areas
Stamp Articles
About
About Sandafayre
Meet the team
Work with us
How our auctions work
FAQs
Selling
Selling my Stamps
Selling FAQs
Probate Valuations
Insurance Valuations
Search
My Account
Sign In / Register
Contact Us
privacy statement
Sandafayre are committed to ensuring that your privacy and data is protected. To comply with 2018 GDPR Sandafayre has decided that “Legitimate Interests” is the most appropriate basis for processing your data and protecting your interests. We will not sell, distribute or lease your personal information to third parties. Should we ask you to provide certain information by which you can be identified when using this website, then you can be assured that it will only be used in accordance with this privacy statement.
This privacy policy sets out how we’ll use and protect any information that you give us when you use this website.
We may change this policy from time to time by updating this page. You should check this page from time to time to ensure that you are happy with any changes.
When we collect information
We collect information when you perform certain actions – e.g. when you register, when you request a catalogue, when you sign up for our Collectors Register service or to receive our Newsletter, or when you store lots on your Wishlist. We will use the information you provide to process your requests and to provide a more personalised, professional service.
What we do with the information we gather:
We gather this information so we can provide you with a better service, and in particular for the following reasons:
To enable you to bid or buy from us, or to receive the service you requested
We may use the information to improve our products and services.
We may periodically send promotional emails about new products, special offers or other information which we think you may find interesting using the email address which you have provided. You can always opt out of certain communications (for example, from receiving our Newsletters) by contacting us at the office or by using the unsubscribe option on the email.
Security
We are committed to ensuring that your information is secure. In order to prevent unauthorised access or disclosure, we have put in place suitable physical, electronic and managerial procedures to safeguard and secure the information we collect online.
We will not sell, distribute or lease your personal information to third parties.
You may request details of personal information which we hold about you under the Data Protection Act 1998. A small fee will be payable. If you would like a copy of the information held on you please write to Sandafayre (Holdings) Ltd., Egerton Court, Haig Road, Parkgate, Knutsford, WA16 8DX, United Kingdom.
If you believe that any information we are holding on you is incorrect or incomplete, please write to or email us as soon as possible, at the above address. We will promptly correct any information found to be incorrect.
How we use cookies
A cookie is a small file which asks permission to be placed on your computer's hard drive. Once you agree, the file is added and the cookie helps us analyse web traffic and gives you a more personalised browsing experience. Cookies allow web sites to respond to you as an individual. The web site can tailor its operations to your needs, likes and dislikes by gathering and remembering information about your preferences.
We use traffic log cookies to identify which pages are being used. This helps us analyse data about web page traffic and improve our website in order to tailor it to customer needs. Overall, cookies help us provide you with a better website, by enabling us to monitor which pages you find useful and which you do not. A cookie in no way gives us access to your computer or any information about you, other than the data you choose to share with us.
You can choose to accept or decline cookies. Most web browsers automatically accept cookies, but you can usually modify your browser setting to decline cookies if you prefer. This may prevent you from taking full advantage of the website.
Links to other websites
From time to time, our website may contain links to other websites of interest. However, once you have used these links to leave our site, you should note that we do not have any control over that other website. Therefore, we cannot be responsible for the protection and privacy of any information which you provide whilst visiting such sites and such sites are not governed by this privacy statement. You should exercise caution and look at the privacy statement applicable to the website in question.
CONTACT SANDAFAYRESandafayre (Holdings) Ltd.Egerton CourtHaig RoadParkgateKnutsford, WA16 8DXUnited KingdomCompany No.5309813VAT#: GB696233212Telephone: +44 (0)1565 653214Fax: +44 (0)1565 651637Email: stamp@sandafayre.com
POPULAR PAGESContact UsAbout UsHelp and FAQsLot AlertsTerms and ConditionsPrivacy StatementRequest a Catalogue
CONNECT WITH US
© Copyright Sandafayre (Holdings) Ltd., 2020. All rights reserved.