http://www.petermax.com/pages/privacy-policy
Privacy Policy
Peter Max respects the privacy rights of our users and is strongly committed to protecting your privacy online. This privacy policy applies to this Web Site and does not apply to other Peter Max products or services.
Collection and Use of Personal Information
Peter Max collects personal information, such as e-mail addresses and log-in information, that you voluntarily provide on this Web Site. For example, we collect (a) e-mail addresses when you register to gain access to the Press Releases portion of this Web Site; and (b) log-in information when you access the Private Viewing area of the Web Site. Personal information collected via the Web Site is used to allow users access to certain portions of the Web Site. Peter Max may also collect names and/or other personal information voluntarily submitted by you, for example, when you contact Peter Max to make a request or to inquire about the Peter Max Web Site. Peter Max will use such information to respond to your request or inquiry.
Disclosure of Personal Information
Peter Max may disclose your personal information to unaffiliated third parties if we believe in good faith that such disclosure is necessary (a) to comply with the law or in response to a subpoena, court order, government request, or other legal process; (b) to protect the interests, rights, safety, or property of Peter Max or others; (c) to enforce any terms of service on the Web Site; (d) to provide you with the service requested by you (including allowing a purchaser of a Peter Max division, or Peter Max as a whole, to continue to serve you), and to perform other activities related to such services; or (e) to operate Peter Max’s systems properly.
If you provide your consent at the time your personal information is collected via the Web Site, Peter Max may also share your personal information, except log-in information, with a sponsor or other third party who is interested in serving you (“Third-Party Providers”). You may instruct Peter Max at any time not to share your personal information with such Third-Party Providers by emailing customerservice@petermax.com. You must include your first name, last name, and e-mail address.
Further use and/or disclosure of your personal information by Third-Party Providers is not the responsibility of Peter Max. Rather, such use and/or disclosure is governed by the Third-Party Providers’ privacy policies. We share your Personal Information with third parties to help us use your Personal Information, as described above. For example, we use Shopify to power our online store--you can read more about how Shopify uses your Personal Information here: https://www.shopify.com/legal/privacy. We also use Google Analytics to help us understand how our customers use the Site -- you can read more about how Google uses your Personal Information here: https://www.google.com/intl/en/policies/privacy/. You can also opt-out of Google Analytics here: https://tools.google.com/dlpage/gaoptout.
Accuracy and Security of Personal Information
Any personal information you provide to Peter Max is kept on secure servers. Peter Max uses reasonable administrative, technical, personnel, and physical measures (a) to safeguard personal information against loss, theft, unauthorized use, disclosure, or modification; and (b) to ensure the integrity of the personal information.
Use of Cookies
Peter Max may use “cookies” or similar electronic tools to collect information to enhance your experience with the Web Site. A cookie is a small text file that is placed on your computer and which collects information about your use of the Web Site, such as the Web pages visited, the date and the time of a visit, the Web sites you visited immediately before and after visiting the Web Site, etc.
Any information collected by the cookies used by Peter Max will be collected anonymously and will not be used by Peter Max to subsequently identify you or to prepare the collection, processing, or use of personal information about you without your prior consent.
Most browsers are set to accept cookies by default. If you prefer, you can usually set your browser to disable cookies, or to alert you when cookies are being sent. The help function on most browsers contains instructions on how to set your browser to notify you before accepting cookies or to disable cookies entirely. However, it is possible that some parts of the Web Site will not function properly if you disable cookies.
Accessing and Updating Your Personal Information
To access, review, rectify, or delete personal information collected about you via the Web Site, please e-mail customerservice@petermax.com. All requests must include your first name, last name, and e-mail address. While Peter Max will make every reasonable effort to accommodate your request, we also reserve the right to impose certain restrictions and requirements on such access requests, if allowed or required by applicable laws.
Links to Third-Party Web Sites
Peter Max may provide links to third-party Web sites. Since we do not control third-party sites and are not responsible for any personal information you may provide while on such sites, we encourage you to read the privacy policies on those Web sites before providing any of your personal information on such sites.
Modifications To This Privacy Policy
Peter Max reserves the right to change this privacy policy at any time by posting revisions on this Web page. Such changes will be effective upon posting.
Last Updated 15, April, 2020