http://www.optingolfer.com/website/terms-and-conditions.php
cheap, demo, used, golf clubs
Sign Up for Our E-mail Specials
Name :
E-Mail :
Zip :
Home
Demo Clubs
Golf Club Set #1
Golf Club Set #2
Hybrid Golf Clubs
Hybrid Golf Clubs Set
Hybrid 19 Degree Golf Club
Hybrid 22 Degree Golf Club
Hybrid 25 Degree Golf Club
Hybrid 28 Degree Golf Club
Golf Irons
Golf Wedges
Golf Wedges Set - Right Hand
Golf Wedges Set - Left Hand
Fairway Woods
Wood Set #1 (3 and 5 wood)
Wood Set #2 (3, 5 and 7 wood)
Golf 2 Wood
Golf 3 Wood
Golf 4 Wood
Golf 5 Wood
Golf 7 Wood
Golf 9 Wood
Golf Drivers
9 Degree Titanium Driver
10 Degree Titanium Driver
New Clubs
Golf Drivers
6 Degree Driver
8 Degrees Driver
Extreme Weighting - Right Hand
9 Degree Driver
Forged Titanium - Right Hand
10 Degree Driver
Giant Golf Wedges
Junior Golf Set
5 - 8 Years Old Junior Golf Set
9 - 12 Years Old Junior Golf Set
Golf Putters
Gold Series Belly Putter - RH
Gold Series Belly Putter - LH
Accessories
Golf Accessories
5 in 1 Golf Multi-Tool
Warrior Golf Towel
Warrior Golf Water Bottle
Warrior Golf Gloves
Headcovers
Golf Wood Headcover Set
Golf Wood Headcover Set #1
Golf Wood Headcover Set #2
Hybrid Club Headcovers
Iron Club Headcovers
Giant Golf Wood Headcovers
Giant Golf Headcovers Set
Giant Golf Driver Headcover
Giant Golf 3 Wood Headcover
Giant Golf 5 Wood Headcover
Giant Golf 7 Wood Headcover
Giant Golf 9 Wood Headcover
Golf Balls
Super Soft Golf Balls
Titanium Golf Balls
Distance Golf Balls
Light Up Golf Balls
Golf Apparel
Warrior Polo Golf Shirt
Warrior Hats
Warrior Golf Shoes
Top Line Golf Shoes (B & W)
Top Line Golf Shoes (White)
Radioactive Golf Shoes (Black)
Radioactive Golf Shoes (White)
Golf Sunglasses
Golf Sunglasses Bundle
9080 Style Sunglasses
2162 Style Sunglasses
4203 Style Sunglasses
9086 Style Sunglasses
Golf Bags
Warrior Golf Stand Bags
Warrior Golf Duffle Bag
Warrior Golf Travel Bag
Other Products
eBooks
Poker Pool Balls
Warrior Magnetic Bracelet
Affiliates
Affiliates Program Information
New Affiliate Sign Up
Current Affiliate Login
Links
Golf Course Links
eBooks
Testimonials
Contact Us
TERMS AND CONDITIONS
In General
SSL-Safepay, also known as OptInGolfer owns and operates this website, www.OptInGolfer.com. This document governs your relationship with the www.OptInGolfer.com website ("Site"). Access to and use of this Site and the products and services available through this Site (collectively, the “Services”) are subject to the following terms, conditions and notices (the “Terms of Services"). By using the Services, you are agreeing to all of the Terms of Services, as may be updated by us from time to time. You should check this page regularly to take notice of any changes we may have made to the Terms of Services.
Access to this Site is permitted on a temporary basis, and we reserve the right to withdraw or amend the Services without notice. We will not be liable if for any reason this Site is unavailable at any time or for any period. From time to time, we may restrict access to some or all parts of this Site.
This Site may contain links to other websites (the “Linked Sites”), which are not operated by OptInGolfer.
OptInGolfer has no control over the Linked Sites and accepts no responsibility for them or for any loss or damages that may arise from your use of them.
Your use of the Linked Sites will be subject to the terms of use and service contained within each such site.
Privacy Policy
Our privacy policy, which sets out how we will use your information, can be found at the end of this document. By using this Site, you consent to the processing described therein and warrant that all data provided by you is accurate.
Intellectual Property, Software and Content
The intellectual property rights in all software and content (including photographic images) made available to you on or through this Site remains the property of OptInGolfer or its licensors and are protected by copyright laws and treaties worldwide. All such rights are reserved by OptInGolfer and its licensors.
You are not permitted to publish, manipulate, distribute or otherwise reproduce, in any format, any of the content or copies of the content supplied to you or which appears on this Site nor may you use any such content in connection with any business or commercial enterprise.
Terms of Sale
By placing an order, you are offering to purchase a product on and subject to the following terms and conditions. Products designated as “Demo” clubs have been played for approximately 45 days.
We guarantee that these products have been inspected and deemed qualified as like new merchandise. All orders are subject to availability and confirmation of the order price. Due to the nature of reselling demo clubs; demand for fulfillment may exceed the inventory on hands. In these cases, OptInGolfer reserves the right to substitute products ordered with equivalent or newer product of equal or greater value.
In fact, most demo clubs shipped out are not the ones pictured, but are newer model clubs.
Inventory is constantly changing.
Clubs pictured are representative of the style of clubs that have been available and may not represent the actual model currently available.
Demo club images exemplify products that we have shipped in the past.
Please allow 4-6 weeks for delivery. Dispatch times may vary according to availability and subject to any delays resulting from postal delays or force majeure for which we will not be responsible. When placing an order you undertake that all details you provide to us are true and accurate, that you are an authorized user of the credit or debit card used to place your order and that there are sufficient funds to cover the cost of the goods. The cost of foreign products and services may fluctuate. All prices advertised are subject to such changes.
(a) Our Contract
When you place an order, you will receive an acknowledgement email confirming receipt of your order: this email acts as an acknowledgement and will constitute acceptance of your order. Only those goods listed in the confirmation a-mail sent at the time of dispatch will be included in the contract formed.
(b) Pricing and Availability
At times we will advertise special offers via email and on our Site, in limited quantities. When demand exceeds available inventory, we will fulfill orders in the order by which they are received. When limited inventory has been depleted, we will fulfill overflow order with similar type merchandise, from a newer product line and of equal or greater value.
Delivery costs will be charged in addition; such additional charges are clearly displayed where applicable and included in the “Total” at Checkout, prior to order submission.
(c) Payment
Upon receiving your order, your payment will be accepted and a debit transaction will commence.
If paying by credit card, a standard authorization is completed to ensure sufficient funds are available to fulfill the transaction.
Your card will be debited upon authorization being received.
Your payment will be debited at the time of authorization. If at any time, for any reason, a purchase cannot be appropriately fulfilled, a prompt refund will be issued.
Disclaimer of Liability
The material displayed on this Site is provided without any guarantees, conditions or warranties as to its accuracy. Unless expressly stated to the contrary to the fullest extent permitted by law OptInGolfer and its suppliers, content providers and advertisers hereby expressly exclude all conditions, warranties and other terms which might otherwise be implied by statute, common law or the law of equity and shall not be liable for any damages whatsoever, including but without limitation to any direct, indirect, special, consequential, punitive or incidental damages, or damages for loss of use, profits, data of other intangibles, damage to goodwill or reputation, or the cost of procurement of substitute goods and services, arising out of or related to the use, inability to use, performance or failures of this Site or the Linked Sites and any materials posted thereon, irrespective of whether such damages were foreseeable or arise in contract, tort, equity, restitution, by statute, at common law or otherwise. This does not affect OptInGolfer’s liability for death or personal injury arising from its negligence, fraudulent misrepresentation, and misrepresentation as to a fundamental matter or any other liability which cannot be excluded or limited under applicable law.
Linking to this Website
You may link to our home page, provided you do so in a way that is fair and legal and does not damage our reputation or take advantage of it, but you must not establish a link in such a way as to suggest any form of association, approval or endorsement on our part where none exists. You must not establish a link from any felsite that is not owned by you. This Site must not be framed on any other site, nor may you create a link to any part of this Site other than the home page. We reserve the right to withdraw linking permission without notice.
Disclaimer as to ownership of trademarks, images of personalities and third party copyright
Except where expressly stated to the contrary all persons (including their names and images), third party trademarks and content, services and/or locations featured on this Site are in no way associated, linked or affiliated with OptInGolfer and you should not rely on the existence of such a connection or affiliation. Any trade marks/names featured on this Site are owned by the respective trod mark owners. Where a trade mark or brand name is referred to it is used solely to describe or identify the products and services and is in no way an assertion that such products or services are endorsed by or connected to OptInGolfer.
Indemnity
You agree to indemnify, defend and hold harmless OptInGolfer, its directors, officers, employees, consultants, agents, and affiliates, from any and all third party claims, liability, damages and/or costs (Including, but not limited to, legal fees) arising from your use this Site or your breach of the Terms of Service.
Variation
OptInGolfer shall have the right in its absolute discretion at any time and without notice to amend, remove or vary the Services and/or any page of this Site.
Invalidity
If any part of the Terms of Service is unenforceable (including any provision in which we exclude our liability to you) the enforceability of any other part of the Terms of Service will not be affected, all other clauses remaining in full force and effect. So far as possible where any clause/sub-clause or part of a clause/sub-clause can be severed to render the remaining part valid, the clause shall be interpreted accordingly. Alternatively, you agree that the clause shall be rectified and interpreted in such a way that closely resembles the original meaning of the clause/sub-clause as is permitted by law.
Complaints
Please direct complaints to cs@optingolf.com. We operate a complaints handling procedure which we will use to try to resolve disputes when they first arise, please let us know if you have any complaints or comments.
Waiver
If you breach these conditions and we take no action, we will still be entitled to use our rights and remedies in any other situation where you breach these conditions.
Entire Agreement
The above Terms of Service constitute the entire agreement of the parties and supersede any and all preceding and contemporaneous agreements between you and OptInGolfer. Any waiver of any provision of the Terms of Service will be effective only if in writing and signed by a Director of OptInGolfer.
PRIVACY POLICY
This Privacy Policy governs the manner in which SSL-Safepay (hereafter, “OptInGolfer”) collects, uses, maintains and discloses information collected from Users (each, a "User") of the www.OptInGolfer.com website ("Site"). This privacy policy applies to the Site and all products and services offered by OptInGolfer.
Personal identification information
We may collect personal identification information from Users in a variety of ways, including, but not limited to, when Users visit our site, register on the site place an order fill out a form respond to a survey subscribe to the newsletter and in connection with other activities, services, features or resources we make available on our Site. Users may be asked for, as appropriate, name, email address, mailing address, phone number, and/or credit card information.
Users may, however, visit our Site anonymously.
We will collect personal identification information from Users only if they voluntarily submit such information to us. Users can always refuse to supply personally identification information, except that it may prevent them from engaging in certain site related activities.
Non-personal identification information
We may collect non-personal identification information about Users whenever they interact with our site. Non-personal identification information may include the browser name, the type of computer and technical information about Users means of connection to our site, such as the operating system and the Internet service providers’ utilized and other similar information.
Web browser cookies
Our Site may use "cookies" to enhance User experience. User's web browser places cookies on their hard drive for record-keeping purposes and sometimes to track information about them. User may choose to set their web browser to refuse cookies, or to alert you when cookies are being sent. If they do so, note that some parts of the Site may not function properly.
How we use collected information
OptInGolfer collects and uses Users personal information for the following purposes:
To improve customer service: Your information helps us to more effectively respond to your customer service requests and support needs.
To personalize user experience: We may use information in the aggregate to understand how our Users as a group use the services and resources provided on our Site.
To process transactions: We may use the information Users provide about themselves when placing an order only to provide service to that order. We do not share this information with outside parties except to the extent necessary to provide the service.
To administer a promotion, survey or other Site feature: To send Users information they agreed to receive about topics we think will be of interest to them.
To send periodic emails:
The email address Users provide for order processing, will only be used to send them information and updates pertaining to their order. It may also be used to respond to their inquiries, and/or other requests or questions. If User decides to opt-in to our mailing list, they will receive emails that may include company news, updates, related product or service information, etc. If at any time the User would like to unsubscribe from receiving future emails, we include detailed unsubscribe instructions at the bottom of each email or User may contact us via our Site.
How we protect your information
We adopt appropriate data collection, storage and processing practices and security measures to protect against unauthorized access, alteration, disclosure or destruction of your personal information, username, password, transaction information and data stored on our Site.
Sensitive and private data exchange between the Site and its Users happens over a SSL secured communication channel and is encrypted and protected with digital signatures. Our Site is also in compliance with PCI vulnerability standards in order to create as secure of an environment as possible for Users.
Third party websites
Users may find advertising or other content on our Site that link to the sites and services of our partners, suppliers, advertisers, sponsors, licensors and other third parties. We do not control the content or links that appear on these sites and are not responsible for the practices employed by websites linked to or from our Site. In addition, these sites or services, including their content and links, may be constantly changing. These sites and services may have their own privacy policies and customer service policies. Browsing and interaction on any other website, including websites which have a link to our Site, is subject to that website's own terms and policies.
Advertising
Ads appearing on our site may be delivered to Users by advertising partners, who may set cookies. These cookies allow the ad server to recognize your computer each time they send you an online advertisement to compile non personal identification information about you or others who use your computer. This information allows ad networks to, among other things, deliver targeted advertisements that they believe will be of most interest to you. This privacy policy does not cover the use of cookies by any advertisers.
Google Adsense
Some of the ads may be served by Google. Google's use of the DART cookie enables it to serve ads to Users based on their visit to our Site and other sites on the Internet. DART uses "non-personally identifiable information" and does NOT track personal information about you, such as your name, email address, physical address, etc. You may opt out of the use of the DART cookie by visiting the Google ad and content network privacy policy at http://www.google.com/privacy_ads.html.
Changes to this privacy policy
OptInGolfer has the discretion to update this privacy policy at any time. When we do, the revision is indicated by the updated date at the end of this page. We encourage Users to frequently check this page for any changes to stay informed about how we are helping to protect the personal information we collect. You acknowledge and agree that it is your responsibility to review this privacy policy periodically and become aware of modifications.
Your acceptance of these terms
By using this Site, you signify your acceptance of this policy and terms of service. If you do not agree to this policy, please do not use our Site. Your continued use of the Site following the posting of changes to this policy will be deemed your acceptance of those changes.
Contacting us
If you have any questions about this Privacy Policy, the practices of this site, or your dealings with this site, please contact us.
SSL-SAFEPAY/OPTINGOLFER
P.O. Box 80267
Las Vegas, NV, 89180
800-673-1905
cs@optingolf.com
Now Accepting:
About US
|
Terms and Conditions
|
Privacy Policy
|
Links
|
F.A.Q.
|
Site Map
Copyright © 2020
Optingolfer.com