http://www.automobileinspections.com/privacy.asp
When the Inspection Really Matters...Join Tens of Thousands of Satisfied Customers!
Home Page
Rates
Why Us?
FAQ
About Us
Order Online Now
Client Login
Privacy Policy
Protecting your personal details on
www.AutomobileInspections.com
(www.AutomobileInspections.com is brought to you by AUTOMOBILE INSPECTIONS, LLC).
AUTOMOBILE INSPECTIONS, LLC believes it is important to protect your privacy and we are committed to giving you a personalized service that meets your needs in a way that also protects your privacy. This policy explains how we may collect information about you and then use it to meet your needs. It also explains some of the security measures we take to protect your privacy. You should read this policy in conjunction with the product Terms of Service.
When we first obtain personal information from you, or when you order a new service or product from us, some of the personal information we request about you may be 'sensitive personal data' within the meaning of the Data Protection Act 1998.
1. Collecting information
We may collect personal information about you from a number of sources, including the following:
from you when you agree to take a service or product from us, in which case this may include your contact details, how you will pay for the product or service and your bank details
from you when you contact us with an enquiry or in response to a communication from us, in which case this may tell us something about how you use our services
from documents that are available to the public, such as the electoral register
2 Using your personal information
2.1 The Buyer Services International, LLC group of companies (including AUTOMOBILE INSPECTIONS, LLC) ('we') will use your personal information for the following purposes:
to identify you when you contact us;
to help identify accounts, services and/or products which you could have from us or selected partners from time to time;
to help administer, and contact you about improved administration of, any accounts, services and products we have provided before, or provide now or in the future;
to carry out marketing analysis and customer profiling (including with transactional information), conduct research, including creating statistical and testing information;
to help to prevent and detect fraud or loss;
to contact you in any way (including mail, email, telephone, text or multimedia messages) about products and services offered by us and/or selected partners unless you have previously asked us not to do so;
2.2 We may allow other people and organizations to use information we hold about you for the purpose of providing services you have asked for, as part of the process of selling one or more of our businesses, or if we have been legitimately asked to provide information for legal or regulatory purposes or as part of legal proceedings or prospective legal proceedings. From time to time, these service providers and organizations may be outside the United States of America in countries that do not have the same standards of protection for personal data as America. We will, however, always use every reasonable effort to ensure sufficient protections are in place to safeguard your personal information.
2.3 We may monitor and record communications with you (including phone conversations and emails) for quality assurance and compliance reasons.
2.4 We may check your details with fraud prevention agencies. If you provide false or inaccurate information and we suspect fraud, we will record this. We and other organizations may use and search these records to:
help make decisions about credit and credit related services for you and members of your household;
trace debtors, recover debt, prevent fraud and to manage your accounts; and
check your identity to prevent money laundering unless you give us other satisfactory proof of identity.
2.5 Where you give us information on behalf of someone else, you confirm that you have provided them with the information set out in these provisions and that they have not objected to such use of their personal information. Where you give us sensitive data about yourself or another person
you agree (and confirm that the other person has agreed) to our processing such information in the manner set out in these provisions.
2.6 In connection with this contract we, and other companies in our group, may carry out credit and fraud prevention checks with one or more licensed credit reference and fraud prevention agencies. We and they may keep a record of the search. Information held about you by these agencies may be linked to records relating to other people living at the same address with whom you are financially linked. These records will also be taken into account in credit and fraud prevention checks. Information from your application and payment details of your account will be recorded with one or more of these agencies and may be shared with other organizations to help make credit decisions about you and members of your household with whom you are financially linked and for debt collection and fraud prevention. This includes those who have moved house and who have missed payments.
If you provide false or inaccurate information to us and we suspect fraud, we will record this and may share it with other people and organizations. We, and other credit and insurance organizations, may also use technology to detect and prevent fraud.
3. Protecting information
We have strict security measures to protect personal information. This includes following certain procedures (for example, checking your identity when you phone us) and encrypting (encoding) data on our websites.
4. The Internet
4.1 If you communicate with us using the Internet, we may occasionally email you about our services and products. When you first give us personal information through our website, we will normally give you the opportunity to say whether you would prefer us not to keep you informed of other products and services by email. However, you can always send us an email (at the address set out below) at any time if you change your mind.
4.2 Please remember that communications over the Internet, such as emails and webmails (messages sent through a website), are not secure unless they have been encrypted. Your communications may go through a number of countries before they are delivered – this is the nature of the Internet. We cannot accept responsibility for any unauthorized access or loss of personal information that is beyond our control.
4.3 We may use 'cookies' to monitor how people use our site. This helps us to understand how our customers and potential customers use our website so we can develop and improve the design, layout and function of the sites.
A cookie is a piece of information that is stored on your computer's hard drive, which records how you have used a website. This means that when you go back to that website, it can give you tailored options based on the information it has stored about your last visit. You can normally alter the settings of your browser to prevent it from accepting cookies.
4.4 If you do not want us to use cookies in your browser, you can set your browser to reject cookies or to tell you when a website tries to put a cookie on your computer. However, you may not be able to use some of the products or services on our website without cookies.
5. Links
This website may contain links to other sites or recommended suppliers. Please remember that we are not responsible for the privacy practices of these other sites. This privacy policy applies only to information collected on this website.
6. Further information
If you would like any more information or you have any comments about our privacy policy, please either write to us at Data Protection Compliance Manager, AUTOMOBILE INSPECTIONS, LLC, Box 231171, Old State House Square, Hartford, CT 06123. Or email us at CustomerService@AutomobileInspections.com
We may amend this policy from time to time, in which case we will publish the amended version on our website, and you can ask us for a copy by writing to the above address or by emailing at CustomerService@AutomobileInspections.com
This policy applies to personal information we hold about individuals. It does not apply to information we hold about companies and other organizations.
"If spotting the wrong car was easy, you wouldn't need us."
Home Sample Car Inspection Reports Rates Why Automobile Inspections? FAQ's About Automobile Inspections
Contact Us Schedule Car Inspection Terms of Service Privacy Policy Real Testimonials Sitemap
Copyright ©1995. Automobile Inspections, LLC. World Rights Reserved.