https://www.humangivens.com/publications/help/digital-downloads-help/
Skip to content
NEW live online workshops
Update: our attended training can continue
Close banner
Home / Publications / Useful information / Digital Downloads
Digital Downloads
When you purchase one of our digital products, such as an Audiobook download or PDF Journal, you will receive a link to download the file on your receipt page (under ‘Downloads’, click on the download icon), and also in your order confirmation email.
You will need to click on the ‘Download icon’ (shown above) to download your file.
You will also be able to login and access your files again under ‘Downloads’ and also ‘Orders’.
If you experience any problems with accessing your download, please don’t hesitate to contact us.
Audiobooks
Our digital audio products come as MP3 audio files. These can be played on most devices using media players such as iTunes, Google Play etc.
PDF Journal
Our digital journal is a PDF document. This can be viewed on many devices (Desktop, Mobile, Tablet) and can also be viewed by many ebook readers (Kindle, Nook etc.). Please check your device information for compatibility.
All content within these digital downloads is copyrighted to Human Givens Publishing Ltd, and it is illegal to sell, distribute or reproduce in any way without express prior permission.
Back to top
We use cookies to enhance your experience on our websites. Read our cookie policy to find out more.Accept cookies
Privacy & Cookies Policy
Close
Privacy Overview
This website uses cookies to improve your experience while you navigate through the website. Out of these, the cookies that are categorized as necessary are stored on your browser as they are essential for the working of basic functionalities of the website. We also use third-party cookies that help us analyze and understand how you use this website. These cookies will be stored in your browser only with your consent. You also have the option to opt-out of these cookies. But opting out of some of these cookies may affect your browsing experience.
Necessary
Necessary
Always Enabled
Necessary cookies are absolutely essential for the website to function properly. This category only includes cookies that ensures basic functionalities and security features of the website. These cookies do not store any personal information.
Non-necessary
Non-necessary
Any cookies that may not be particularly necessary for the website to function and is used specifically to collect user personal data via analytics, ads, other embedded contents are termed as non-necessary cookies. It is mandatory to procure user consent prior to running these cookies on your website.