http://www.golflocker.com/privacy-security-policy
Home
Golf Locker Privacy, Security and Cookie Policy
Privacy Policy
Golf Locker works to maintain a high standard of data privacy in accordance with your data protection rights under applicable law. The protection and proper use of the personal information that you entrust to us is a responsibility we take seriously. This privacy policy explains what personal information we may collect from you, how we may use it, and the rights that you have concerning that data.
What Categories of Personal Information Do We Collect?
We collect certain information that identifies, relates to, describes, is reasonably capable of being associated with, or could reasonably be linked, directly or indirectly, with a consumer or household (“Personal Information”). Personal information does not include de-identified or aggregated consumer information. We may collect the following types of information:
Identifiers, such as name, phone numbers, postal address, and email address.
Commercial information, including products or services purchased, or other purchasing or consumer histories or tendencies.
Internet or other electronic network activity information, including browsing history, search history, and information regarding your interaction with our website such as device information and identifiers, IP address, click path data, and search terms used. We may receive information from third parties that provide website analytics and customer traffic patterns via web beacons, cookies, or other tracking mechanisms. For more information about cookies, please see below.
Financial information, such as your credit or debit card number that you provide when you purchase products or services from us.
How Do We Use or Share Your Personal Information?
We may use or share your Personal Information as follows:
Identifiers: We may use your identifiers: (1) for internal record keeping; (2) to send promotional emails about new products, special offers or other information which we think you may find interesting; (3) to contact you for market research purposes; (4) to provide customer services, including contacting you about the status of your order(s), including order and shipping confirmations. We may share this information with service providers to assist in sending emails. We also may use this information to detect security incidents and protect against malicious, deceptive, fraudulent or illegal activity. We may share this information with service providers for fraud protection.
Internet or similar network activity: We may use this information to customize the website according to your interests, and to help us improve our products and services. See below for additional information about how we use cookies. We also may use this information to detect security incidents and protect against malicious, deceptive, fraudulent or illegal activity. We may share this information with service providers for fraud protection.
Commercial information: We may use this information to perform marketing or data-related research.
Financial information: We use financial information you provide to us to process and fulfill your purchases. We may share this information with a service provider who processes your payment. We also may use this information to detect security incidents and protect against malicious, deceptive, fraudulent or illegal activity.
In addition, where consistent with appropriate laws and regulations, Golf Locker may disclose Personal Information if such disclosure is:
necessary to prepare, negotiate or perform a contract with you;
needed to respond to subpoenas, court orders, or other legal process or otherwise required by law or the competent governmental or judicial authorities;
necessary to establish or preserve a legal claim or defense;
part of a corporate restructuring, sale of assets, merger or divestiture; or
necessary to prevent fraud or other illegal activities, such as willful attacks on Golf Locker information technology systems.
We will not sell, distribute or lease your Personal Information to non-affiliated third parties unless we have your permission or are required by law to do so. We also have not and will not sell the Personal Information of minors under 16 years of age to non-affiliated third parties without affirmative consent. We take reasonable steps to ensure that companies with which we share your Personal Information are contractually obligated to keep the Personal Information that we provide to them confidential and to use such information only as we permit.
Information about Cookies
A cookie is a small file which is placed on your computer. Once established, the cookie helps analyze web traffic on our site. Cookies allow web applications to tailor its operations to your needs, likes and dislikes by gathering and remembering information about your preferences. Cookies allow us keep track of items in shopping cart, monitor the effectiveness of marketing campaigns, monitor total traffic, site visits, pages viewed and enhance or speed us navigation. This helps us analyze data about web page traffic and improve our website in order to tailor it to customer needs. Our website may also utilize cookies of third parties, including Google Ad Services, Facebook, HotJar, Yahoo, YouTube, AddThis and Oracle. These may be used to: (1) conduct research and diagnostics to improve our content, protects and services; (2) delivering content, including ads relevant to your interests on our website; or (3) measure and analyze the performance of our services.
You can choose to accept or decline cookies. Most web browsers automatically accept cookies, but you can usually modify your browser setting to decline cookies if you prefer. This may prevent you from taking full advantage of the website and all marketing offers. Learn more about website cookies at allaboutcookies.org.
Links to other websites
Our website may contain links to other websites of interest. However, once you have used these links to leave our site, you should note that we do not have any control over that other website. Therefore, we cannot be responsible for the protection and privacy of any information which you provide whilst visiting such sites and such sites are not governed by this privacy statement. You should exercise caution and look at the privacy statement applicable to the website in question.
Security
We use a variety of security measures including Secure Socket Layer (SSL) security software encryption for all personal customer information. While no company can guarantee your information (including your Personal Information) will not be accessible by unauthorized individuals, we use controls that are consistent with industry standard retail practices in an attempt to mitigate such risks in today's online environment.
Rights and Choices of California Customers
We provide our California customers with specific rights regarding their Personal Information. This section describes the rights that you have under California law and explains how to exercise those rights. You have a right not to receive discriminatory treatment for exercising these privacy rights.
Right to Know About Personal Information Collected, Used, or Disclosed
You have the right to request that we disclose certain information to you about our collection, use and disclosure of your Personal Information over the past 12 months. Once we receive your request and verify your identity, we will disclose to you: (1) the categories of Personal Information we collected about you; (2) the categories of sources for the Personal Information; (3) our business or commercial purpose for collecting or disclosing that Personal Information; (4) the categories of third parties with whom we shared that Personal Information; and (5) the specific pieces of Personal Information we collected about you in the preceding 12 months.
To submit a request to know about your Personal Information collected, please either:
Call 1-888-479-1147; or
Send a request to info@golflocker.com
Right to Delete Personal Information Collected or Maintained
You have the right to request that we delete any of your Personal Information that we collected from you and retained, subject to certain exceptions. Once we receive and confirm your request and verify your identity, we will permanently delete your Personal Information from our records, unless a legal exception to deletion applies. In our response to your request to delete, we will specify the manner in which we have deleted your Personal Information or, if we must deny your deletion request, the basis for this refusal.
To submit a request to delete, please:
Call 1-888-479-1147; or
Send a request to info@golflocker.com
Authorizing an Agent
You may designate an authorized agent to submit your consumer request on your behalf, so long the authorized agent has your written permission to do so and you have taken steps to verify your identity directly with us.
Verifying Your Request
We cannot respond to your request or provide you with Personal Information if we cannot verify your identity or authority to make the request and confirm the Personal Information relates to you. Making a verifiable consumer request does not require you to create an account with us. We will only use Personal Information provided in a verifiable consumer request to verify your identity or authority to make the request.
To verify your identity, we ask that you provide us with the following information when you submit your request: (1) first name, (2) last name, and (3) phone number or email. We will use the above information to verify your identity. We will require additional information to verify your identity and fulfill your request depending on your type of request or the information requested by you.
Data Subjects in the EU
For individuals residing in the EU, we will only use Personal Information on the basis of the following legal grounds: (1) where you have provided your consent; (2) when necessary to perform our contractual obligations to you; (3) when needed to either comply with our legal obligations or defend any legal claims; (4) when necessary to achieve a legitimate interest, which outweighs any prejudice to your data protection rights; and (5) when necessary protect the vital interests of you or another person.
If you reside in the EU, you have the right under the GDPR to: (1) access your personal information; (2) transfer your personal information; (3) request the erasure of your personal information; (4) object to the processing of your personal information; and (5) change your privacy preferences. Please contact info@golflocker.com to exercise any of these rights under the GDPR or if you have any questions regarding this privacy policy.
Changes to Our Privacy Policy
We reserve the right to amend this privacy notice at our discretion and at any time. When we make material changes to this privacy notice, we will notify you by email or through a notice on our website homepage.
Contacting Us
If there are any questions regarding this privacy policy you may contact us using the information below.
www.GolfLocker.com
Golf Locker
6200 N Dale Mabry Hwy
Tampa, FL 33614 United States
info@golflocker.com
888-479-1147
Last updated: December 30, 2019
Shop Our Site
Close
Select a Department Below:
Shop by department
Close
Close
Tap to call
(888) 479-1147
10am-6pm EST, M-F
Close