http://www.melejewelrybox.com/privacy-policy
Skip to main content
Privacy Policy
The www.melecompany.com web site (the “Web Site”) is operated by Mele Companies (“Mele & Co., “we”, “us” or “our”).
Your privacy is very important to us. Accordingly, we have developed this policy in order for you to understand how we collect, use, communicate, disclose and make use of personal information. The following outlines our privacy policy. Please take a moment to familiarize yourself with our privacy practices and let us know if you have any questions. All inquiries may be directed to:
Mele & Co.
2007 Beechgrove Pl.
Utica, NY 13501
www.melecompany.com
1-888-733-0631 or email service@melecompany.com
Collection and Use of Personal Information
Personal information is data that can be used to identify or contact a single person. Before or at the time of collecting personal information, Mele & Co. will identify the purposes for which information is being collected. Mele & Co. will collect and use of personal information solely with the objective of fulfilling those purposes specified by us and for other compatible purposes, unless we obtain the consent of the individual concerned or as required by law. We will collect personal information by lawful and fair means and, where appropriate, with the knowledge or consent of the individual concerned.
You may be asked to provide your personal information anytime you are in contact with Mele & Co. Mele & Co. may also combine it with other information to provide and improve our products, services, content, and advertising. You are not required to provide the personal information that we have requested, but, if you chose not to do so, in many cases we will not be able to provide you with our products or services or respond to any queries you may have.
Here are some examples of the types of personal information Mele & Co. may collect and how we may use it.
What personal information we collect
When you create a Mele & Co. login, purchase a product, contact us, participate in an online survey, we may collect a variety of information, including your name, mailing address, phone number, email address, contact preferences, and payment information.
When you share your content with family and friends, email a Mele & Co. product to a friend, or forward a Mele & Co. email to a friend, Mele & Co. may collect the information you provide about those people such as name, mailing address, email address, and phone number.
How we use your personal information
The personal information we collect allows us to keep you posted on Mele & Co.’s latest product announcements and upcoming events. If you don’t want to be on our mailing list, you can opt out anytime by clicking on an email’s unsubscribe link.
We also use personal information to help us create, develop, operate, deliver, and improve our products, services, content and advertising, and for loss prevention and anti-fraud purposes.
We may also use personal information for internal purposes such as auditing, data analysis, and research to improve Mele & Co.’s products, services, and customer communications.
If you enter into a sweepstake, contest, or similar promotion we may use the information you provide to administer those programs.
Collection and Use of Non-Personal Information
We also collect data in a form that does not, on its own, permit direct association with any specific individual. We may collect, use, transfer, and disclose non-personal information for any purpose. The following are some examples of non-personal information that we collect and how we may use it:
We may collect information such as occupation, language, zip code, area code, location, and the time zone where a Mele & Co. product is purchased so that we can better understand customer behavior and improve our products, services, and advertising.
We may collect information regarding customer activities on our website. This information is aggregated and used to help us provide more useful information to our customers and to understand which parts of our website, products, and services are of most interest. Aggregated data is considered non-personal information for the purposes of this Privacy Policy.
If we do combine non-personal information with personal information the combined information will be treated as personal information for as long as it remains combined.
Cookies and Other Technologies
Mele & Co.’s website, online services, interactive applications, email messages, and advertisements may use “cookies” and other technologies such as pixel tags and web beacons. These technologies help us better understand user behavior, tell us which parts of our website people have visited, and facilitate and measure the effectiveness of advertisements and web searches. We treat information collected by cookies and other technologies as non-personal information. However, to the extent that Internet Protocol (IP) addresses or similar identifiers are considered personal information by local law, we also treat these identifiers as personal information. Similarly, to the extent that non-personal information is combined with personal information, we treat the combined information as personal information for the purposes of this Privacy Policy.
Mele & Co. uses cookies and other technologies to remember personal information when you use our website, online services, and applications. Our goal in these cases is to make your experience with Mele & Co. more convenient and personal. For example, knowing your first name lets us welcome you the next time you visit the Mele & Co. and helps us provide a customized and more useful shopping experience. Knowing someone using your computer or device has shopped for a certain product or used a particular service helps us make our advertising and email communications more relevant to your interests. And knowing your contact information and information about your buying habits allows us to provide you with better customer service.
If you want to disable cookies check with your provider to find out how. Please note that certain features of the Mele & Co. website will not be available once cookies are disabled.
As is true of most websites, we gather some information automatically and store it in log files. This information includes Internet Protocol (IP) addresses, browser type and language, Internet service provider (ISP), referring and exit pages, operating system, date/time stamp, and clickstream data. We use this information to understand and analyze trends, to administer the site, to learn about user behavior on the site, and to gather demographic information about our user base as a whole. Mele & Co. may use this information in our marketing and advertising services.
In some of our email messages, we use a “click-through URL” linked to content on the Mele & Co. website. When customers click one of these URLs, they pass through a separate web server before arriving at the destination page on our website. We track this click-through data to help us determine interest in particular topics and measure the effectiveness of our customer communications. If you prefer not to be tracked in this way, you should not click text or graphic links in the email messages.
Pixel tags enable us to send email messages in a format customers can read, and they tell us whether mail has been opened. We may use this information to reduce or eliminate messages sent to customers.
Disclosure to Third Parties
At times Mele & Co. may make certain personal information available to strategic partners that work with Mele & Co. to provide products and services, or that help Mele & Co. market to customers. Personal information will only be shared by Mele & Co. to provide or improve our products, services and advertising; it will not be shared with third parties for their marketing purposes.
Service Providers
Mele & Co. shares personal information with companies who provide services such as information processing, extending credit, fulfilling customer orders, delivering products to you, managing and enhancing customer data, providing customer service, assessing your interest in our products and services, and conducting customer research or satisfaction surveys. These companies are obligated to protect your information and may be located wherever Mele & Co. operates.
Others
It may be necessary - by law, legal process, litigation, and/or requests from public and governmental authorities within or outside your country of residence - for Mele & Co. to disclose your personal information. We may also disclose information about you if we determine that for purposes of national security, law enforcement, or other issues of public importance, disclosure is necessary or appropriate.
We may also disclose information about you if we determine that disclosure is reasonably necessary to enforce our terms and conditions or protect our operations or users. Additionally, in the event of a reorganization, merger, or sale we may transfer any and all personal information we collect to the relevant third party.
Protection of Personal Information
Mele & Co. takes the security of your personal information very seriously.
Mele & Co. online services such as the Mele & Co. Online Store protects your personal information during transit. When your personal data is stored by Mele & Co., we will protect personal information by reasonable security safeguards against loss or theft, as well as unauthorized access, disclosure, copying, use or modification.
When you post on a Mele & Co. forum, chat room, or social networking service, the personal information you share is visible to other users and can be read, collected, or used by them. You are responsible for the personal information you choose to submit in these instances. For example, if you list your name and email address in a forum posting, that information is public. Please take care when using these features.
Integrity and Retention of Personal Information
Mele & Co. makes it easy for you to keep your personal information accurate, complete, and up to date. We will retain your personal information for the period necessary to fulfill the purposes outlined in this Privacy Policy unless a longer retention period is required or permitted by law.
Access to Personal Information
You can help ensure that your contact information and preferences are accurate, complete, and up to date by logging in to your account at https://www.melejewelrybox.com/user/login. For other personal information we hold, we will provide you with access for any purpose including to request that we correct the data if it is inaccurate or delete the data if Mele & Co. is not required to retain it by law or for legitimate business purposes. We may decline to process requests that are frivolous/vexatious, jeopardize the privacy of others, are extremely impractical, or for which access is not otherwise required by local law. Access, correction, or deletion requests can be made through contacting us by phone at 1-888-733-0631 or email at service@melecompany.com.
Children
Persons under the age of 18 may not use this Web Site and parents or legal guardians may not agree to the Terms of Use on their behalf.
Third-Party Sites and Services
Mele & Co. websites and services may contain links to third-party websites, products, and services. Our products and services may also use or offer products or services from third parties. Information collected by third parties, which may include such things as location data or contact details, is governed by their privacy practices. We encourage you to learn about the privacy practices of those third parties.
International Users
All the information you provide may be transferred or accessed by entities around the world as described in this Privacy Policy. Mele & Co. abides by the “safe harbor” frameworks set forth by the U.S. Department of Commerce regarding the collection, use, and retention of personal information collected by organizations in the European Economic Area and Canada. Learn more about the U.S. Department of Commerce Safe Harbor Program.
Please note that personal information, regarding individuals who reside in a member state of the European Economic Area (EEA) is controlled by Lionite Mele Ltd. and processed on its behalf by Mele & Co. Personal information collected in Canada is controlled by Gunther Mele.
Privacy Questions
Mele & Co. is committed to conducting our business in accordance with these principles in order to ensure that the confidentiality of personal information is protected and maintained. If you have any questions or concerns about Mele & Co.’s Privacy Policy or data processing or if you would like to make a complaint about a possible breach of local privacy laws, please contact us by phone at 1-888-733-0631 or email at service@melecompany.com.
Mele & Co. may update its Privacy Policy from time to time and will make readily available to customers information about our policies and practices relating to the management of personal information. It is your responsibility to review changes made whenever you use this Web Site.
Mele & Co. 2007 Beechgrove Pl. Utica, NY USA, 13501