https://www.gaiagarden.com/privacy-policy/
This Privacy Policy covers our use and disclosure of your personal information, which is collected through or in connection with this Website. For the purposes of this Privacy Policy, “this Website” means all the web pages related to the gaiagarden.com site excluding any links to third party sites.
Gaia Garden Herbal Dispensary Inc. and its affiliates (“Gaia Garden” or “we” or “our” in this notice and disclaimer), whose registered office is in Vancouver, British Columbia, Canada controls the personal data collected on this Website.
Gaia Garden does not intentionally collect personal data of persons under 18 years old. If you are under 18 years old please do not send us your personal information (for example, your name, address and email address). If you are under 18 years old and you wish to ask a question or use this Website in anyway which requires you to submit your personal information please get your parent or guardian to do so on your behalf.
We collect and use personal information (including name, address, telephone number and email address) in order to:
respond to queries or requests submitted by you
process orders submitted by you
administer or otherwise carry out our obligations in relation to any agreement you
have with us
anticipate and resolve problems with any products supplied to you
Usage of Data
We may use third parties for the fulfilment of our obligations hereunder.
However, except as set out in this Privacy Policy, we will not disclose any personally identifiable information without your permission unless we are legally entitled and/or required to do so (for example, we are required to do so by legal process or for the purposes of prevention of fraud or other crime) or if we believe that such action is necessary to protect and/or defend our rights, property or personal safety and those of our contractors/users/customers etc.
In the event our company, or part thereof, is acquired by another company, that company may use your personal data in accordance with this Privacy Policy.
From time to time we would like to use your personal information for purposes other than as set out in the above section.
We believe that these additional uses will be of benefit to you. However, we understand that you may not wish us to use your information in this way.
We will not use your information for the purposes set out below if you have indicated that you do not wish us to use your information in this way when submitting the information.
Additionally, if at any time you wish us to stop using your information for any or all of the below purposes, please let us know (see contact information below).
We will take the necessary steps to stop the use of your information for such purposes with immediate effect.
In such case we will, however, continue to use your personal data for the purposes set out in the above section for as long as necessary to achieve such purposes.
From time to time we will use the information you supply to us for:
market research and tracking of sales data
informing you about our products which may include contacting you by telephone
giving the information to our affiliate offices and companies, to enable them to provide
the products of which you ordered send
Collection of data
We may automatically collect non-personal information about you such as the type of internet browsers you use or the website from which you linked to our Website. We may also aggregate details which you have submitted to the Website (for example, your age and the town where you live). You cannot be identified from this information and it is only used to assist us in providing products on this web-site.
We may store some information (commonly known as a “cookie”) on your computer when you look at our Website. We are able to read these cookies for information purposes when you revisit our Website.
The type of information we collect as a result of a cookie being accepted by you is specific to your PC and includes the IP address, the date and time the PC visited the Website, what parts of our Website were looked at and whether the web pages requested were delivered successfully. This information is anonymous; it represents a computer rather than a person.
We use the cookie information to improve our knowledge of the use of our Website and to enable us to be able to ascertain whether the Website is operating at an optimal level. This allows us to enhance our web offerings to you and to provide an enjoyable and an innovative online experience.
You can erase or block this information by changing the settings on your computer (please refer to your help screens or manuals). If you do erase or block this information you may not be able to utilise some features of the Website.
If at any time this Website offers any e-mail, feedback or forum facilities, we may collect the information, which you disclose. Such information will be used in accordance with this Privacy Policy.
We aim to keep our information about you as accurate as possible. If you would like to review or change the details you have supplied us with, please contact us as set out below.
We have implemented technology and policies with the objective of protecting your privacy from unauthorised access and improper use and will update these measures as new technology becomes available, as appropriate.
Responsibility of data
We cannot be responsible for the privacy policies and practices of other websites even if:
you accessed the third party website using links from our Website; or
you linked to our Website from a third party website.
We recommend that you check the policy of each site you visit and contact the owner or operator of such website if you have any concerns or questions.
Submission of others personal information
From time to time this Website may ask you to provide personal details of your family or friends, for example, so that we can send them details of our products. Before providing such information, please ensure that you have obtained their consent to their personal data being used in this way. We will not use these details in any manner, which is incompatible with this Privacy Policy.
From time to time we may make changes to this Privacy Policy. If we make any substantial changes to this Privacy Policy and the way in which we use your personal data we will post these changes on this page and will do our best to notify you of any significant changes. Please check our Privacy Policy on a regular basis.
If you would like to contact Gaia Garden about our Privacy Policy, you can do so by e-mailing  mailorder@gaiagarden.com
Search for:
Products
Nettle Leaf (Urtica dioica) - Dried Herb, Organic
$11.04 – $110.40
Lavender (Lavandula angustifolia) - Essential Oil
$8.05 – $37.07
Red Raspberry Leaf (Rubus idaeus) - Dried Herb, Wildcrafted
$9.27 – $92.70
Oat Straw (Avena sativa) - Dried Herb, Organic
$10.63 – $106.30
Lion's Mane Mushroom Powder (Hericium erinaceus) - Dried Herb, Organic
$21.08 – $210.80
Mon-Fri: 10am to 6.30pm
Saturday: 10am to 6pm
Sunday: 11am to 5pm
* Please Note:
Our dispensary closes at 5:00pm during the week, 5:00pm on Saturday, and 4:00pm on Sundays. Please come early if you need something poured. Store closed on statutory holidays.
Newsletter Sign-up
Your Name
Your Email
Quick Links
About Us
Contact Us
Can We Help?
Consultation
Community Links
Shipping & Returns
Shipping Information
Return Policy
Return Request
Privacy Policy
Terms and Conditions
My Account
My account
Account details
Checkout
© 2020 Gaia Garden Herbal Dispensary
Join Our Gaia Garden Community
Subscribe and receive 10% off your first order
×