http://www.clearogen.com/pages/privacy-statement
Skip to content
Submit
Close search
95% Effective on Hormonal Acne | Free Shipping U.S. Orders $75+
Privacy Statement
Advanced Skin & Hair Inc. d/b/a Clearogen has created this privacy statement in order to demonstrate our firm commitment to privacy. The following discloses Clearogen’s online information gathering and dissemination practices. Your security and privacy is our highest concern. All information gathered by this site is strictly private and confidential.
Clearogen collects the following information from customers and site visitors: We collect customer’s contact information to process your order and to send you information about our product. We also collect your IP address to help identify you and your shopping cart.
All credit card orders are processed by Authorize.net. Clearogen does not collect or store any consumer financial data.
Sharing your information. Clearogen generally does not sell or share your information with any third parties. We may share your information in the following limited circumstances:
To enable third party service providers (such as authorize.net) to assist or facilitate in the services we provide;
To comply with applicable laws and regulations or to respond to a subpoena, search warrant or other lawful request for information we receive, whether or not a response is required by applicable law; or
To enforce an agreement or to protect our rights;
We also reserve the right to share your information with any parent, affiliated or successor entity or in connection with any asset sale, transfer, divestiture or liquidation;
Third Party Websites. This site contains links to other sites that may not follow the same privacy policies as Clearogen. These sites may use and collect data in ways that Clearogen would not. Clearogen is not responsible for the privacy practices or any information or materials on these other sites. Please remember that your browsing and interaction on any other Web site, including Web sites which have a link on our Web site, is subject to that Web site’s own rules and policies.
Security This site has security measures in place to protect the loss, misuse and alteration of the information under our control. Your information is gathered using SSL secured transaction connection through Authorize.net or Yahoo Store ordering system. This provides you with the most advanced security technology available on the internet today.
Choice/Opt-Out Clearogen provides users the opportunity to opt-out of receiving further communications from us at the point where we request information about the visitor. We also give users the following options for removing their information from our database to not receive future communications or to no longer receive our service.
You can send email to helpdesk@Clearogen.com
You can call the following telephone number: (877) 302-5327
Correct/Update Clearogen also gives users the following options for changing and modifying information previously provided.1. email helpdesk@Clearogen.com2. call the following telephone number: (877) 302-5327
Contacting Us If you have any questions about this privacy statement, the practices of this site, or your dealings with this Web site, you can contact:
Clearogen Customer Service11661 San Vicente Blvd. Suite 301Los Angeles, CA 90049helpdesk@Clearogen.com
Changes. We reserve the right to modify this privacy policy at any time, so please review it frequently. If we make material changes to this policy, we will notify you here, by e-mail, or by means of a notice on our home page.
Use left/right arrows to navigate the slideshow or swipe left/right if using a mobile device
choosing a selection results in a full page refresh
press the space key then arrow keys to make a selection