http://www.nzpacific.com/pages/privacy-policy
Home
Carvings
Jade
Bone
Woolly Mammoth Tusk
Collectables
About
Design Meanings
Blog
Jade - Does it have mysterious powers?
Tips on tying a Popper
How to Bind a Toki.
Understanding Jade and Other Wonderful Stone
Testimonials
SALE
Privacy Policy
We wrote this policy to help you understand the information that we collect, how we use it, and what choices you have to ensure that your information is only used as we have agreed.
The European Union has recently updated their requirements around data protection and we are committed to complying with the EU General Data Protection Regulation (GDPR) 2018. We take your privacy seriously and we will do what is required to ensure that your privacy is protected. Should we ask you to provide certain information by which you can be identified when using this website, then you can be assured that it will only be used in accordance with this privacy statement.
Because we’re an internet company, some of the concepts below are a little technical, but we’ve tried our best to explain things in a simple and clear way.
Your Rights
With the introduction of the General Data Protection Regulation as of 25th May 2018, the data subject (you) has been afforded new rights in relation to the protection of their personal information. A brief explanation of these is outlined below.
If you are not happy with any aspect of how we collect and use your data, we would be grateful if you would contact us immediately so that we can try to resolve it for you.
The Right Of Access By You
You are afforded the right to obtain from NZ Pacific confirmation as to whether or not personal data concerning you is being processed, and the right to obtain a copy of all the information we hold pertaining to you.
The Right To Rectification
You have the right to rectify inaccurate personal data pertaining to you and to have additional incomplete personal data completed. If you believe any of the information we hold about you is inaccurate please contact us and we will aim to correct the information as soon as possible. Any problems that can’t be rectified immediately will be addressed without delay.
The Right to Erasure
You have the right to obtain from us the erasure of personal data concerning you without undue delay and we shall have the obligation to erase your personal data without undue delay where one of the following grounds applies:
the personal data are no longer necessary in relation to the purposes for which they were collected or otherwise processed
the data subject withdraws from the processing
the data subject objects to the processing and there are no overriding legitimate grounds for the processing
the personal data have been unlawfully processed
the personal data have to be erased for compliance with a legal obligation
the personal data have been collected in relation to the offer of information/services
This shall not apply where one of the following grounds applies:
We are exercising the right of freedom of expression and information
For compliance with a legal obligation for reasons of public interest
For archiving purposes in the public interest, scientific or historical research purposes or statistical purposes
For the establishment, exercise or defence of legal claims
The Right to Restriction of Processing
You also have a right to restrict our processing of your data where any of the following grounds apply:
the accuracy of the personal data is contested by the data subject, for a period enabling us to verify the accuracy of the personal data
the processing is unlawful and you oppose the erasure of the personal data and request the restriction of their use instead
we no longer need the personal data for the purposes of the processing, but they are required by you for the establishment, exercise or defence of legal claims
you have objected to processing pending the verification whether the legitimate grounds of ours override those of yours
If you would like to cease all communications from NZ Pacific, we would recommend you exercise your right to restriction rather than ask us to erase your data, as this will allow us to prevent future mailings if your details are passed to us by an external data pool at a later date.
The Right of Data Portability
You have the right to request the information that we hold on you be supplied to you in a portable format. This will be supplied in a format readable by most standard spreadsheet software and reasonable requests for alternative data formats will be complied with wherever possible.
The Right to Object
You have the right to object to your personal information being processed by us. If you object to us processing your data for profiling or direct marketing purposes then let us know and we will stop sending you marketing material and inform any relevant 3rd parties of a removal request. If you object to us processing your data in any way, please let us know and we will completely remove your personal information from our database.
What information do we collect and how do we do this?
We collect information in a few different ways:
When you sign up with us, or use our products, you voluntarily give us certain information. This may include your name, comments, suggestions you make, the email address or phone number you used to sign up, and any other information you decide to provide us. If you’re using NZ Pacific on your mobile device, you can also choose to provide us with location data. And if you choose to buy something on NZ Pacific, you provide us with payment information, contact information and what you purchased. If you buy something for someone else on NZ Pacific, you’d also provide us with their shipping details and contact information.
You also may give us permission to access your information in other services. For example, you may link your Facebook or Instagram account to our Instagram of Facebook account, which allows us to obtain information from those accounts (like your friends or contacts). The information we get from those services often depends on your settings or their privacy policies, so be sure to check what those are.
We also, by default, get technical information when you use our website.
These days, whenever you use a website, mobile application, or other internet service, there’s certain information that almost always gets created and recorded automatically. The same is true when you use our products. Here are some of the types of information we collect:
Log data. When you use NZ Pacific, certain information is recorded (“log data”), including information that your browser sends whenever you visit a website or your mobile app sends when you’re using it. This log data may include your Internet Protocol address, the address of the web pages you visited, browser type and settings, the date and time of your request, how you used NZ Pacific, and cookie data.
Cookie data. Depending on how you’re accessing our products, we may use “cookies” (a small text file sent by your computer each time you visit our website) or similar technologies to record log data. When we use cookies, we may use “session” cookies (that last until you close your browser) or “persistent” cookies (that last until you or your browser delete them). Some of the cookies we use are associated with your NZ Pacific account (including personal information about you, such as the email address you gave us), and other cookies are not.
Device information. In addition to log data, we may also collect information about the device you’re using to access our website on, including what type of device it is, what operating system you’re using, etc. To learn more about what information your device makes available to us, please also check the policies of your device manufacturer or software provider.
How do we use the information we collect?
We use the information we collect to provide our products to you and where you provide suggestions, make them better.
If you make a purchase on NZ Pacific, and you agree for us to do so, we’ll save your payment information and contact information so that you can use them the next time you want to buy something from us.
We also use the information we collect to:
Send you updates that you have requested, newsletters, marketing materials and other information that may be of interest to you. You can decide to stop getting these updates by letting us know you no longer wish to receive them. We provide an unsubscribe link at the bottom of every newsletter which you can click to have your contact information removed from our client email database.
Respond to your questions or comments.
The information we collect may be “personally identifiable” (meaning it can be used to specifically identify you as a unique person) or “non-personally identifiable” (meaning it can’t be used to specifically identify you). We use both types of information, and combinations of both types, as described above. We may use or store information wherever NZ Pacific does business, including countries outside your own.
What choices do you have about your information?
Our goal is to ensure that you maintain control over the information we have about you. So if you would like us to remove your information from our database, we will do this immediately upon notification from you.
In addition to this you may have choices available to you through the device or software you use to access our website.
For example:
The browser you use may provide you with the ability to control cookies or other types of local data storage.
Your mobile device may provide you with choices around how and whether location or other data is shared with us.
To learn more about these choices, please see the information provided by the device or software provider.
How and when do we share information?
The limited instances where we may share your personal information include:
When you buy something on NZ Pacific using your credit card, this information will be used by third-party service providers, such as payment gateways and other payment transaction processors (credit card companies, PayPal, for example) to ensure your payment is correctly processed. These companies have their own privacy policies in respect to the information we are required to provide to them for your purchase-related transactions.
For these providers, we recommend that you read their privacy policies so you can understand the manner in which your personal information will be handled by these providers.
If we believe that disclosure is necessary to comply with a law, regulation or legal request; to protect the safety, rights, or property of the public, any person, or NZ Pacific; or to detect, prevent, or otherwise address fraud, security or technical issues.
Our policy on children’s information
If you learn that your minor child has provided us with personal information without your consent, please contact us.
Links to Other Websites
Our website may contain links to other websites of interest. However, once you have used these links to leave our site, you should note that we do not have any control over other websites. Therefore, we cannot be responsible for the protection and privacy of any information which you provide whilst visiting such sites and such sites are not governed by this privacy statement. You should exercise caution and look at the privacy statement applicable to the website in question.
How do we make changes to this policy?
We may change this policy from time to time, and if we do we’ll post any changes on this page. If you continue to use NZ Pacific after those changes are in effect, you agree to the revised policy. If the changes are significant, we may provide more prominent notice or get your consent as required by law.
Shopify
Our store is hosted on Shopify Inc. They provide us with the online e-commerce platform that allows us to sell our products and services to you. Your data is stored through Shopify’s data storage, databases and the general Shopify application. They store your data on a secure server behind a firewall.
If you would like your personal data removed from Shopify servers you can request this from us. We will forward that request directly to Shopify on your behalf.
Payment:
If you choose a direct payment gateway to complete your purchase, then Shopify stores your credit card data. It is encrypted through the Payment Card Industry Data Security Standard (PCI-DSS). Your purchase transaction data is stored only as long as is necessary to complete your purchase transaction. After that is complete, your purchase transaction information is deleted.
All direct payment gateways adhere to the standards set by PCI-DSS as managed by the PCI Security Standards Council, which is a joint effort of brands like Visa, MasterCard, American Express and Discover.
PCI-DSS requirements help ensure the secure handling of credit card information by our store and its service providers.
Privacy Information Requests
Please email all information or privacy requests or complaints to NZ Pacific at info@nzpacific.com
Updated: 28th Nov 2020
Loading...
Error
is added to your shopping cart.
is added to your wish list.
Continue Shopping
Go to cart
Go To Wishlist
Close
Availability
Vendor
Limited-Time Offers, End in:
Quantity:
-
+
Subtotal
Add to Cart
Close
Back to top