https://www.grsuk.com/terms-conditions/
Skip to content
Terms & Conditionsweb@easitill.co.uk2018-07-13T18:51:42+01:00
Terms & ConditionsPlease read these conditions carefully before using the Website. By using the Website you signify your agreement to be bound by these conditions.
1. Your Account:
If you use the Website, you are responsible for maintaining the confidentiality of your account and password and for restricting access to your computer to prevent unauthorised access to your account. You agree to accept responsibility for all activities that occur under your account or password. You should take all necessary steps to ensure that the password is kept confidential and secure and should inform us immediately if you have any reason to believe that your password has become known to anyone else, or if the password is being, or is likely to be, used in an unauthorised manner.
Please ensure that the details you provide us with are correct and complete and inform us immediately of any changes to the information that you provided when registering.
Garden Railway Specialists Ltd. reserves the right to refuse access to the Website, terminate accounts, remove or edit content, or cancel orders at our discretion. If we cancel an order, it will be without charge to you.
2. Privacy:
Please review our Privacy Policy, which also governs your visit to the Website, to understand our practices.
3. Access to the Website:
We will do our utmost to ensure that availability of the Website will be uninterrupted and that transmissions will be error-free. Due to the nature of the Internet however, this of course cannot be absolutely guaranteed. Inevitably, your access to the Website may also be occasionally suspended or limited to allow for repairs, maintenance or the introduction of new facilities or services. We will do all we can to minimise the frequency and duration of any such suspension or restriction.
4. Licence for Website access:
Garden Railway Specialists Ltd. grants you a limited licence to access and make personal use of this Website, but not to download or modify it, or any portion of it, except with express written consent of Garden Railway Specialists Ltd
This licence does not include any resale or commercial use of this Website or its contents; any copying or collection and use of any product listings, descriptions, or prices; any derivative use of this Website or its contents; any downloading or copying of account information for the benefit of another merchant; or any use of data mining, robots, or similar data gathering and extraction tools.
This Website, or any portion of this Website, may not be reproduced, duplicated, copied, sold, resold, visited or otherwise exploited for any commercial purpose without the advanced and express written consent of Garden Railway Specialists Ltd
Unless you are doing so from the “Downloads” section provided for this purpose, you may not copy or use any framing techniques to enclose any trademark, logo or other proprietary information (including images, text, page layout or form) of Garden Railway Specialists Ltd. and its affiliates, without express written consent. You may not use any meta tags or any other utilising Garden Railway Specialists Ltd. or its affiliates names or trademarks without the express written consent of Garden Railway Specialists Ltd
Any unauthorised use terminates the permission or license granted by Garden Railway Specialists Ltd
You are granted a limited, revocable and non-exclusive right to create a hyperlink to the Homepage of Garden Railway Specialists Ltd as long as the link does not portray Garden Railway Specialists Ltd, its affiliates, or their products or services in a false, misleading, derogatory or otherwise offensive matter. You may not use any Garden Railway Specialists Ltd. logo(s) or other proprietary graphics or trademarks as part of the link without our express written consent.
5. Your conduct:
You must not use the Website in any way that causes, or is likely to cause, the Website or access to it to be interrupted, damaged or impaired in any way.
You understand that you, and not Garden Railway Specialists Ltd, are responsible for all electronic communications and content sent from your computer to us, and you must use the Website for lawful purposes only.
You must not use the Website for any of the following:
For any fraudulent purposes, or in connection with a criminal offence or other unlawful activity; To send, use or reuse any material that is illegal, offensive, abusive, indecent, defamatory, obscene, menacing or could be considered in any way inappropriate; or is in breach of copyright, trademark, confidence, privacy or any other right; or is otherwise injurious to third parties; or objectionable; or which consists of, or contains, software viruses, political campaigning, commercial solicitation, chain letters, mass mailings or any “spam”; To cause annoyance, inconvenience or needless anxiety.
6. Copyright and database rights:
All content included on the Website, such as text, graphics, logos, button icons, images, audio clips, digital downloads, data compilations and software, is the property of Garden Railway Specialists Ltd, its affiliates or its content suppliers and is protected by United Kingdom and International copyright and database laws. The compilation of all content on this Website is the exclusive property of Garden Railway Specialists Ltd. and its affiliates and is protected by United Kingdom and International copyright and database laws. All software used on this Website is the property of Garden Railway Specialists Ltd, our affiliates or our software suppliers and is protected by United Kingdom and international copyright laws.
You may not systematically extract and/or re-utilise parts of the contents of the Website without Garden Railway Specialists Ltd’s prior and express written consent to do so. In particular, you may not utilise any data mining, robots, or similar data gathering and extraction tools to extract (whether once or many times) for re-utilisation of any substantial parts of this Website, without Garden Railway Specialists Ltd’s prior and express written consent. You also may not create and/or publish your own database that features substantial (for example – our prices and product listing) parts of this Website without Garden Railway Specialists Ltd’s prior and express written consent.
7. Trademarks:
Garden Railway Specialists Ltd. and other marks indicated on our Website are trademarks or registered trademarks of Garden Railway Specialists Ltd and our affiliates.
CONDITIONS RELATING TO THE SALE OF PRODUCTS TO YOU:
This section deals with conditions relating to the sale of products by Garden Railway Specialists Ltd. to you from the Website.
8. Our contract:
When you place an order to purchase a product from Garden Railway Specialists Ltd, we will send you an e-mail confirming receipt of your order. The e-mail confirmation will be produced automatically so that you have confirmation of your order details. An automatic confirmation does not necessarily mean that we will be able to meet your order.
9. Returns:
Please review our “Returns Policy” for full detail relating to products purchased from us, which you might wish to return.
10. Pricing and availability:
All prices are displayed in £ Pounds Sterling including UK VAT, at the Current Rate.
Despite our best efforts, it’s always possible that a mistake or typo slips through on a small number of the products we list, which of course can result in errors in price or availability. We will always verify prices as part of our dispatch procedures. If a products price is found to be incorrect we will contact you for instructions before dispatch or cancel your order and notify you of such cancellation and the reason.
In the rare case a product is ordered and later found to be out of stock, we will notify you as soon as possible, and give you the option to cancel or change your order, or to wait for arrival of your original order item to come back into stock if this will be the case.
If you live in a country outside of the EU your prices are shown with UK VAT included – we will refund any excess payments to you once we have confirmed the final delivery cost to your destination. If you are unsure of these costs please contact us BEFORE placing an order on our website.
11. Customs:
Please remember when ordering goods from Garden Railway Specialists Ltd. for delivery overseas, you may be subject to import duties and taxes, which are levied once the package reaches the specified destination. Any additional charges for customs clearance must be borne by you; we have no control over these charges and cannot predict what they may be. Customs policies vary widely from country to country, so you should contact your local customs office for further information.
Please also remember that when ordering from Garden Railway Specialists Ltd. from outside the UK, you are considered the importer of record, and must comply with all laws and regulations of the country in which you are receiving the goods. Your privacy is important to us and we know that you care about how information about your order is used and shared. Our international customers should therefore be aware that cross-border deliveries are often subject to opening and inspection by customs authorities, over which we of course have no control.
12. Children using the Website:
The Website only sells products for purchase by adults. If you are under 18, you may use the Website to order goods only with the involvement of a parent or guardian.
13. Electronic communications:
When you visit the Website or send e-mails to us, you are communicating with us electronically. We communicate with you by e-mail or by posting notices on the Website and linked social media. For contractual purposes, you consent to receive communications from us electronically and you agree that all agreements, notices, disclosures and other communications that we provide to you electronically satisfy any legal requirement that such communications be in writing. This condition does not affect your statutory rights.
14. Alteration of Service or Amendments to the Conditions:
We reserve the right to make alterations without notice to our Website, Policies, and these Terms and Conditions of Sale & Use. You will be subject to the policies and Terms and Conditions of Sale & Use in force at the time that you use the Website to order goods from us, unless any change to those policies or these conditions is required to be made by law or government authority (in which case it will apply to orders previously placed by you). If any of these conditions is deemed invalid, void or for any reason unenforceable, that condition will be deemed severable and will not affect the validity and enforceability of any remaining condition.
15. Events beyond our reasonable control:
We will not be held responsible for any delay or failure to comply with our obligations under these conditions if the delay or failure arises from any cause that is beyond our reasonable control. This condition does not affect your statutory rights.
16. Waiver:
If you breach these conditions and we take no action, we will still be entitled to use our rights and remedies in any other situation where you breach these conditions.
17. Governing Law and Jurisdiction:
These conditions are governed by and construed in accordance with the laws of England and Wales. You agree, as we do, to submit to the non-exclusive jurisdiction of the English courts.
18. Our details:
Garden Railway Specialists Ltd. Station Studio, 6 Summerleys Road, Princes Risborough, Buckinghamshire HP27 9DT, United Kingdom
Tel: 01844 345158
email: sales@grsuk.com
Shop open: Monday to Friday 9.00am to 5.30pm, Saturday 10.00am – 4.00pm, closed on Bank Holidays
This website uses cookies and third party services.
Ok
Go to Top