http://www.madeincalifornia.net/pages/privacy-policy
Search
Start typing to see products you are looking for.
Menu
Categories
Specials
Gift Boxes
Bath & Body
Pantry
Snacks & Sweets
Beverages
Oil & Vinegar
Jams, Jelly & Honey
Sauces & Marinades
Condiments
Spices & Rubs
Olives & Veggies
Home
Shop
Specials
Gift card
Gift boxes
Clearance
0
Wishlist
Login / Register
Shopping cart
Close
No products in the cart.
Return To Shop
NOTE: We use packing peanuts made of starch. They are compostable and biodegradable.
Newsletter
Contact Us
PRIVACY POLICY
NOTIFICATION TO VISITORS OF THIS WEBSITE
Made in California cares deeply about online privacy. We value your business and, most importantly, your loyalty. If you have any questions concerning this privacy policy, please email us at info@madeinCA.com.
Age of Consent
By using this site, you represent that you are at least the age of majority in your state or province of residence, or that you are the age of majority in your state or province of residence and you have given us your consent to allow any of your minor dependents to use this site.
Acceptance of our Privacy Statement
By electing to use the services defined below and interacting through this website, you accept the terms of this Privacy Statement and the collection and use of your information. If you do not accept the terms of this Privacy Statement, please do not browse this website or use our services.
Information Collection and Use by Made In California Store/Ecommerce:
When you order or when you choose to create a customer account, we need to know your name, e-mail address, billing address, shipping address, phone number, credit card number, and expiration date. This allows us to process and fulfill your order and to notify you of your order's status. We use the information you provide about yourself when placing an order only to complete that order. We do not share this information with outside parties except to the extent necessary to complete that order.
In some instances, you can submit information about other people. For example, if you order a gift online and want it sent directly to the recipient, you will need to submit the recipient's name, address, and e-mail address.We use the information you provide about someone else when placing an order only to ship the product and to confirm delivery. We do not share this information with outside parties except to the extent necessary to complete that order.
When you enter a contest or other promotional feature, we may ask for your name, address, and e-mail address so we can administer the contest and notify winners. In addition, we may ask that you fill out a survey to assist us in getting to know our customers so that we may better serve you. We monitor customer traffic patterns and site usage to help us develop the design and layout of the site. If you arrived at our web site via a link from another page, we may receive aggregate or otherwise anonymous statistical information about your visit to our site. We treat this information with the same care as we treat other information that you entrust to us, and it is fully protected by our privacy policy. When you browse our store, Madein California also logs non-personally identifiable information including IP address, aggregate user data, and browser type, from users and visitors to the site. This data is used to manage the website, track usage and improve the website services. This non-personally identifiable information may be shared with third parties to provide more relevant services to members. User IP addresses are recorded for security and monitoring purposes.
Special Offers or Invitations
Occasionally, those individuals who have made purchases on our website may receive special offers, information on new products, a newsletter or other updates. If at any time you decide you do not want to receive offerings from us, you may opt-out. We will include an opt-out link in all solicitations. Your information will be removed from our list as soon as possible, and within the time periods under applicable law. From time to time, Madein California or a partner may sponsor a promotion, sweepstake or contest on Made In California/shop. Users may be asked to provide personal information including name, email address or home address or to answer questions in order to participate. We may transfer personal information to certain ad partners that you have explicitly requested to receive information from. It will be clear at the point of collection who is collecting the personal information and whose privacy statement will apply.
Use of Cookies
Made in California uses cookies to store visitors' preferences and to record session information, for purposes including ensuring that visitors are not repeatedly offered the same promotions and to customize newsletter, advertising, and Web page content based on browser type and user profile information. We do not link the information we store in cookies to any personally identifiable information you submit while on our site. You may be able to configure your browser to accept or reject all or some cookies, or notify you when a cookie is set -- each browser is different, so check the "Help" menu of your browser to learn how to change your cookie preferences -- however, you must enable cookies from Made in California in order to use most functions on the site.
Links
Made in California contains links to sites. Made In California is not responsible for the privacy policies and/or practices on other sites, nor are we responsible for the cookies those websites might deposit on your computer. When linking to another site a user should read the privacy policy stated on that site. Our privacy policy only governs information collected on Made In California/shop.
Google analytics:
Our store uses Google Analytics to help us learn about who visits our site and what pages are being looked at.
Sharing and Disclosure of Information Made In CaliforniaCollects
Except as otherwise described in this privacy statement, Made in California Shop will not disclose personal information to any third party unless we believe that disclosure is necessary: (1) to conform to legal requirements or to respond to a subpoena, search warrant or other legal process received by Made In California /shop, whether or not a response is required by applicable law; (2) to enforce the Made in California Terms of Use Agreement or to protect our rights; or (3) to protect the safety of members of the public and users of the service. Made In California Shop reserves the right to transfer personal information to a successor in interest that acquires rights to that information as a result of the sale of Made In California Shop or substantially all of its assets to that successor in interest For more information see the "Changes in Our Privacy Policy" section below.
Security Store/Ecommerce:
Our store is hosted on Shopify Inc. They provide us with the online e-commerce platform that allows us to sell our products and services to you. Your data is stored through Shopify’s data storage, databases and the general Shopify application. They store your data on a secure server behind a firewall.
Payment:
If you choose a direct payment gateway to complete your purchase, then Shopify stores your credit card data. It is encrypted through the Payment Card Industry Data Security Standard (PCI-DSS). Your purchase transaction data is stored only as long as is necessary to complete your purchase transaction. After that is complete, your purchase transaction information is deleted.
All direct payment gateways adhere to the standards set by PCI-DSS as managed by the PCI Security Standards Council, which is a joint effort of brands like Visa, MasterCard, American Express and Discover. PCI-DSS requirements help ensure the secure handling of credit card information by our store and its service providers.
For more insight, you may also want to read Shopify’s Terms of Service here or Privacy Statement here.
When you place orders or access your account information, the communication between you and Made In California is protected by a security mechanism known as Secure Sockets Layer. Using Secure Sockets Layer (SSL) communication, the server software encrypts all information that is sent and received between you and Made In California /shop. This makes is nearly impossible for your personal information to be intercepted by an unauthorized individual. It's easy to tell when you have established a secure connection. Your browser with display a small locked padlock in the bottom corner. The presence of the locked padlock is your signal that your connection with Made in California has been secured. All of the customer information collected by Made In California/shop's web site is protected against unauthorized access. Made in California implements a variety of security measures to maintain the safety of your personal information. Your personal information is contained behind secured networks and is only accessible by a limited number of employees who have special access rights to such systems. Please be aware, however, that no data transmission over the Internet can be guaranteed to be 100% secure. As a result, while we strive to protect your personal information, MadeiIn California cannot ensure or warrant the security of any information you transmit to us or from our online products or services. Once we receive your transmission, we make our best effort to ensure its security on our systems. Please note: Due to the number of orders received please allow 8-10 business days for delivery. Please note that as per our shipping policy, any order with a PO Box shipping address will be canceled. Currently shipping U.S. orders only.
Changes in Our Privacy Policy
From time to time we may make changes to our privacy policy If we make changes, we will post them on our site to make users aware of what the changes are so users will always be aware of what information we collect, how we use it, and when we may disclose it. A User is bound by any minor changes to the policy when she or he uses the site after those changes have been posted If, however, we are going to use users' personally identifiable information in a manner materially different from that stated at the time of collection we will notify by posting a notice on our Web site for 30 days.
How to Contact Us
If you have any questions about this privacy statement, the practices of this site, or your dealings with this website, please contact us at: info@madeinCA.com, write us at Made in California, 9800 Dino Dr., Elk Grove, CA 95624 or call 916-351-1495.
WELCOME TOMADE IN CALIFORNIA,SUBSCRIBE AND SAVE ON YOUR NEXT ORDER!
Join our exclusive mailing list and get15% Off your next order!
Will be used in accordance with our Privacy Policy
Scroll To Top
×
Wishlist
Product
Price
Quantity
Options
#title#
#price#
×
×
Comparing box
Features
Availability:
Price
Options
Actions