https://www.rockler.com/privacy/
Skip to Content
Store Locator
SHOP OUR HOLIDAY SALE!
SHOP OUR HOLIDAY SALE!
Home
Rockler Privacy Policy
We Value Our Customers' Privacy
Since 1954, Rockler Companies has cared very much about our customers’ satisfaction and privacy.  This Privacy Policy applies to information collected by Rockler Companies (“Rockler,” “we,” “our” or “us”) in connection with the products and services that Rockler offers.  This includes information collected online through our website, branded pages on third party platforms (i.e., social networking services), and through our direct marketing campaigns or other online communications, as well as offline through our retail stores, and events (collectively, “Rockler Services”).
This Privacy Policy explains how information may be used, disclosed, or collected through the Rockler Services, how we safeguard it, and how you may access and control its use in connection with our marketing communications and business activities. By using the Rockler Services, you agree to the collection, use, and disclosure of your information as described in this Privacy Policy.  If you do not, please do not use the Rockler Services.
This Privacy Policy is hereby incorporated into the terms and conditions of use of the Rockler Services. By using Rockler Services, you also agree to the Terms of Use.
1. PERSONAL INFORMATION COLLECTION
When information identifies or is reasonably capable of being associated with, or could reasonably be linked, directly or indirectly, with you or your household, we refer to it as “Personal Information.” This Personal Information includes the following categories:
Identifiers/Contact Information: Your name, age, postal and email address, phone number, username, encrypted password, and unique identifiers that may identify your device or browser but not you by name.
Commercial Information: Your purchase history, goods and service preferences, information you provide during your interactions with our customer care, and payment and account information.
Internet/Electronic Activity: Your IP address, web/app browsing and search history related to our Services, and information regarding your interaction(s) with the Services or Rockler advertising.
Inferences: The inferences that we draw from the above categories of Personal Information and web activity to create a personalized profile so we can better identify goods and services that may be of interest.
As provided in more detail below, we collect Personal Information from a variety of sources, including from:
Internet service providers
Data analytics providers
Other retailers
Social networks, and
From you directly.
Personal Information You Provide To Us
When you use the Rockler Services, we may ask you to provide certain Personal Information to obtain our products or use our services.  For example, when you sign up for our email newsletter, enter a contest, sign up for a class or appointment, we may collect your name, email and phone number.
Personal Information You Provide When You Fill Out A Survey, Review or Product Q&A. We collect information from you when you post a product rating, review or Q&A, including any photos and content you share as part of that submission. We may also collect Personal Information you provide us in connection with participating in an online survey or as a research panel participant.  This may include, but may not be limited to, information about your shopping habits, lifestyle preferences, interests and hobbies, health, physical or behavioral characteristics, or other demographic information, as well as photos, videos, and other user-generated content.
Personal Information You Provide When You Make a Purchase. If you make a purchase from us, you will be required to provide a credit/debit card number and related financial information (such as CVV, expiration date, and billing address), or other payment information (such as via PayPal or Amazon Pay), depending on the form of payment you choose.  We may collect your name, address, email, phone number, payment type and the products you purchased.
Personal Information You Provide to Customer Service. When you call, email, chat, mail or otherwise engage our customer service team, we collect personal information including your name, address, email, phone number, payment information, and the products you purchased or the customer service issue you are inquiring about.  We may retain emails, chat transcripts, phone call recordings and other records of your interaction with our team.
Personal Information You Provide When You Subscribe to Our Magazine. When you subscribe to our magazine, Woodworker’s Journal, through Rockler Services or through a third party, we collect personal information to help service your subscription including your name, address, email, phone number and payment information.
Personal Information You Provide Through Social Media. You may also be given the option to link to your Facebook or other social media accounts through the Rockler Services. When you do, we may automatically receive certain Personal Information from you based upon your privacy settings on those sites. This may include, but may not be limited to, name, user name, demographic information, updated address or contact information, location, interests, and publicly-observed data, such as from social media and online activity.
Personal Information Collected Automatically
Whenever you visit or interact with the Rockler Services, Rockler, as well as any third-party advertisers and/or service providers, may use a variety of technologies that automatically or passively collect information about your online activity. This Personal Information may be collected in the following ways:
Usage Information:  We may use cookies, web beacons, pixel tags, mobile analytics software, log files, or other technologies to collect certain information about your online activity, and interactions with our emails, online and mobile advertisements, and to allow us to keep track of analytics and certain statistical information which enables Rockler to improve the Rockler Services and provide you with more relevant content and advertising offered by Rockler, or through or linked from the Rockler Services.
For example, we may automatically collect certain information from you, including your browser type, mobile device manufacturer, mobile carrier, phone number, operating system, activations, content, products or services you purchase or access, the page served and the preceding page views or websites visited, any mobile device activity and configurations, and email client. We may also automatically collect information about your use of the Rockler Services, including the date and time you visit the Rockler Services, use or click through to any of the Rockler Services, the areas or pages of the Rockler Services that you visit, the amount of time you spend viewing or using the Rockler Services, the number of times you return to the Rockler Services, other click-stream or site usage data, emails that you open, forward or click-through to our Rockler Services, and other sites that you may visit.
Device Information. We may automatically collect your IP address or other unique identifier (“Device Identifier”) for the computer, mobile device, tablet or other device (collectively, “Device”) you use to access the Rockler Services, including the hardware model and mobile network information. We may use a Device Identifier to, among other things, provide the Rockler Services, help diagnose problems with our servers, analyze trends, track users’ web page, email and mobile application movements/activities, and retarget online and mobile advertisements to you across computers or devices you may use.
Third Party Service Providers. We may use third party service providers to support the Rockler Services.  Some of these service providers may use technology such as cookies, web beacons, pixel tags, log files, or other technologies to receive, collect, and store Personal Information on our behalf.
Third Party Analytic Technologies. We may use third parties’ analytics and tracking tools, such as Google Analytics and others, to help us track, segment and analyze usage of the Rockler Services, and to help us or those third parties serve more targeted advertising to you on the Rockler Services and across the Internet. These tools may use technology such as cookies, web beacons, pixel tags, log files, Flash cookies, or other technologies to track online activity. They may also combine information they collect from your interaction with the Rockler Services with information they collect from other sources. We do not have access to, or control over, these third parties’ use of cookies or other tracking technologies.
To learn more about your advertising choices relating to the collection and use of your information, please see the Your Choices section below.
Personal Information Received from Other Third Parties
We may obtain information about you from other trusted third party sources to update or supplement your Personal Information.
Combination of Personal Information
We may combine the Personal Information we receive from you and about you, including Personal Information you provide to us and Personal Information we automatically collect through the Rockler Services, as well as Personal Information collected across other computers or devices that you may use, from other online or offline sources, and from third party sources.  This combined Personal Information may be used in any manner detailed in this Privacy Policy.
2. HOW WE USE THE PERSONAL INFORMATION COLLECTED
We may use the Personal Information about you for a variety of purposes, including:
For Customer Service and Transactional Purposes, such as:
To process and fulfill your orders, purchases and service requests.
To provide customer support.
To communicate transactional-related information to you like order status or product recall information.
To use and disclose your credit, debit, or payment card or other financial information to process payments and prevent fraud.
To contact you with regard to your use of the Rockler Services and, in our discretion, changes to any Rockler policy.
For Business Purposes, such as:
To protect the security or integrity of the Rockler Services and our business, such as by protecting against and preventing fraud, unauthorized transactions, claims and other liabilities, and managing risk exposure, including by identifying potential hackers and other unauthorized users.
To respond to law enforcement requests and as required by applicable law, court order, or governmental regulations.
To detect, prevent and address technical issues on our websites.
For Commercial Purposes, such as to:
To communicate or personalize marketing-related information to you via direct mail, email, websites, social media or digital advertisements that may be targeted to you.
To gather analytical and research data to improve our marketing and services.
To exchange your name and address with other catalog-based retailers.
We may also use Personal Information you provide to us for other purposes as disclosed at the time you provide your Personal Information or otherwise with your consent. We will not collect additional categories of personal information or use the personal information we collected for materially different, unrelated, or incompatible purposes without providing you notice.
3. SHARING OF PERSONAL INFORMATION
The Personal Information collected or generated through your use of the Rockler Services may be shared by you or by us as described below.
Sharing of Personal Information by You
Your activity in connection with the Rockler Services, such as reviewing and rating products, inquiring about or purchasing products, “liking” or “sharing” Rockler content to your social media accounts or pages or otherwise interacting with the Rockler Services, may be visible to other users of the Rockler Services and in some cases, publicly available.
Sharing of Personal Information by Us
We may share the Personal Information collected from or about you for the following business purposes:
Third Party Service Providers.  We may share your Personal Information with third party service providers that provide business, professional or technical support functions on our behalf. These functions include, but may not be limited to: processing payments, fulfilling orders, validating addresses, preparing mailing lists, sending emails, and personalizing web content.  We have written agreements with these vendors that require them to keep your personal information confidential and not use or disclose it for any other purpose than fulfilling their business obligations to us.
Sweepstakes, Contests, and Promotions. If you choose to enter into one of our sweepstakes, contests, or other promotions (a “Promotion”) we may disclose your Personal Information to third parties or the public in connection with the administration of such Promotion, as required by law, as otherwise permitted by the Promotion’s official rules, or otherwise in accordance with the terms of this Privacy Policy.
Business Transfers.  In the event that another entity acquires us or all or substantially all of our assets, or assets related to the Rockler Services, your Personal Information may be disclosed to such entity as part of the due diligence process and will be transferred to such entity as one of the transferred assets. Also, if any bankruptcy or reorganization proceeding is brought by or against us, all such Personal Information may be considered an asset of ours and as such may be sold or transferred to third parties. Finally, Personal Information described in this paragraph may also be disclosed for due diligence purposes in connection with any proposed transaction of the sorts described in this paragraph.
Legal Disclosures; Safety.  Rockler may transfer and disclose your Personal Information to third parties to comply with a legal obligation; when we believe in good faith that the law requires it; at the request of governmental authorities conducting an investigation; to verify or enforce our Terms of Use or other applicable policies; to detect and protect against fraud, or any technical or security vulnerabilities; to respond to an emergency; or otherwise to protect the rights, property, safety, or security of third parties, users of the Rockler Services, Rockler, or the public.
Aggregate or Anonymous Non-Personal Information. We may also share aggregate or anonymous (de-identified) information with third parties for their marketing or analytics uses.  Such information does not contain personal information. We may also share your information for the following limited commercial marketing purposes:
Other Third Parties. Your Personal Information may also be shared with our sponsors, partners, advertisers, advertising networks, advertising servers, tracking technologies, and analytics companies or other third parties in connection with marketing, promotional, and other offers, as well as product information. Your Personal Information may also be shared with third parties we identify at the time you provide your Personal Information or otherwise with your consent.
4. YOUR CHOICES AND OPT-OUT
Certain parts of the Rockler Services require cookies. You are free to set your browser or operating system settings to limit certain tracking or to decline cookies, but by doing so, you may not be able to use certain features through the Rockler Services or take full advantage of all of our offerings. Please refer to your Web browser’s or operating system’s website or “Help” section for more information on how to delete and/or disable your browser or operating system from receiving cookies or controlling your tracking preferences. On your mobile device, you may also adjust your privacy and advertising settings to control whether you want to receive more relevant advertising.
We, or other parties we do business with, may place or recognize unique cookies or other technologies on your browser when you visit the Rockler Services to collect information about your use of the Rockler Services and your other online activities over time and across different websites and apps, and may use that information to serve interest-based advertisements to you as you browse the Internet. To learn more about such interest-based advertising, please review the information below:
To opt-out of such collection and use for online behavioral advertising by the Digital Advertising Alliance (DAA) participating companies in the United States, please visit: http://www.aboutads.info/choices/; DAA AppChoices http://www.aboutads.info/appchoices/.
To opt-out from the use of information about your online activities for online behavioral advertising by NAI member companies, visit: http://www.networkadvertising.org/choices/. Please note that even if you opt-out, you may still receive advertisements from Rockler that are not customized based on your Usage Information.
To learn how to manage privacy and storage settings for Flash cookies, please visit: https://www.adobe.com/support/documentation/en/flashplayer/help/settings_manager.html.
Access and Updates to Your Personal Information:
If you wish to verify, correct, or update any of your Personal Information in your Rockler account, contact us at the address or e-mail in the Contact Us section below. California residents may exercise their rights to access or delete Personal Information according to the instructions in the “Your California Privacy Rights” Section below.
Unsubscribing from Communications by Us:
We provide our customers with the opportunity to opt-out of having their Personal Information used for purposes not directly related to placement, processing, fulfillment, or delivery of a product order or servicing of your product. To opt-out of marketing communications, you may:
Contact us using the information in the “Contact Us” section below; or
Unsubscribe from our marketing email communications at any time by unsubscribing or following the instructions contained within the email.
Your California Privacy Rights:
Categories of Personal Information Sold
In the last 12 months, Rockler has sold the following categories of Personal Information:
Identifiers/Contact information, sold to social media networks, data analytics providers, data brokers and advertising networks; and
Internet/Electronic Activity, sold to social media networks, data analytics providers, and advertising networks.
We do not knowingly sell Personal Information about persons under the age of 16.
Categories of Personal Information Disclosed
In the last 12 months, Rockler has disclosed the following categories of Personal Information for a business purpose (such as with our service providers who are restricted from using your Personal Information outside the scope of their services for Rockler):
Identifiers/Contact Information, disclosed to billing service providers, email service providers, customer service platforms, and fraud protection services.
Commercial Information, disclosed to payment processors, product fulfillment vendors, email providers, site personalization platforms and marketing analytics services.
Internet/Electronic Activity, disclosed to marketing analytics services, email service providers, site search providers and site personalization platforms.
Inferences, disclosed to marketing analytics services, email service providers and site personalization platforms.
Access and Deletion Requests
California residents have the right to know what Personal Information that Rockler collected, disclosed, and sold about them.  In particular, they may:
Request, up to two times each year, that we disclose to you:
the categories and specific pieces of Personal Information that we collected about you in the preceding 12 months, the business purpose for such collection, and corresponding categories of sources from which we collected the information,
the categories of Personal Information, and the categories of  third parties to whom we disclosed your Personal Information in the preceding 12 months, and the business or commercial purpose for such disclosure, and
the categories of Personal Information and the categories of third parties to whom we sold your Personal Information in the preceding 12 months, and the commercial purpose for such sale.
Request that we delete any Personal Information that we have collected from or about you.  Note that there are some reasons we will not be able to fully address your request, such as if we need to complete a transaction for you, to detect and protect against fraudulent and illegal activity, to exercise our rights, for our internal purposes, or to comply with a legal obligation.
To take advantage of these rights, please complete this Data Request Form.  This form requires a valid email address.  If you cannot provide an email address, you may submit your request by toll-free phone at 1-833-989-2897. We may request certain information to verify your identity before we can respond to your access and deletion requests.  We value your privacy and will not discriminate in response to your exercise of your privacy rights. Rockler will confirm receipt of your request within 10 business days and will respond to your request within 45 calendar days, after proper verification, unless we need additional time, in which case we will let you know.
Opt-Out Requests
To opt out of sales of your Personal Information, please follow the choices in Section 4 of this Privacy Policy (Your Choices and Opt Out), or click on Do Not Sell My Information, which is also on our website footer, and follow the instructions provided on that page. We will comply with your opt-out request within 15 business days.
Agent Requests
You may authorize someone to make a privacy rights request on your behalf (an authorized agent). Authorized agents will need to demonstrate that you’ve authorized them to act on your behalf, and that they are registered with the California Secretary of State to conduct business in California, or must demonstrate they have power of attorney pursuant to applicable probate law. Rockler retains the right to request confirmation directly from you confirming that the agent is authorized to make such a request, or to request additional information to confirm the agent’s identity. An authorized agent is prohibited from using a consumer’s personal information, or any information collected from or about the consumer, for any purpose other than to fulfill the consumer’s requests, for verification, or for fraud prevention.
5. CHILDREN'S PRIVACY
Protecting children’s privacy is important to us. We do not direct the Rockler Services to, nor do we knowingly collect any Personal Information from, children under the age of sixteen.  If Rockler learns that a child under the age of sixteen has provided Personal Information through the Rockler Services, we will use reasonable efforts to remove such information from our files.
6. SECURITY OF YOUR INFORMATION
We use certain reasonable security measures to help protect your Personal Information. However, no electronic data transmission or storage of information can be guaranteed to be 100% secure.  Please note that we cannot ensure or warrant the security of any information you transmit to us. You use the Rockler Services and provide us with your information at your own risk.  If we share information with a third party, as detailed in this privacy policy, we shall use all reasonable efforts to ensure that they keep the information secure and only use the information consistent with the terms of this Privacy Policy.
7. OTHER SITES
The Rockler Services may contain links to other sites that we do not own or operate. This may include links from service providers, fulfillment companies, advertisers, or sponsors that may use our logo(s) as part of a co-branding agreement. We are not responsible for these sites or their content, products, services or privacy policies or practices. These other web sites may send their own cookies to your Device, they may independently collect data or solicit Personal Information and may or may not have their own published privacy policies. You should also independently assess the authenticity of any site which appears or claims that it is one of the Rockler Services (including those linked to through an email or social networking page).
9. CHANGES TO THIS PRIVACY POLICY
From time to time we may update this Privacy Policy. If we do, we will update the “last updated” section at the bottom of the Privacy Policy. If we make material changes to this policy, we will notify you by any method we determine. Your continued use of this website or our service and/or continued provision of information to us will be subject to the terms of the then-current Privacy Policy. If you do not agree or consent to these updates or changes, do not continue to use the Rockler Services.
10. CONTACT US
If you have any questions or concerns regarding this Privacy Policy, please contact us by email at privacy@rockler.com, by toll-free phone at 1-833-989-2897, or by mail at Rockler Companies, Inc., Attn: Consumer Privacy, 4365 Willow Drive, Medina, MN 55340.
Last updated:  June 24, 2020
Instagram