https://www.theblessedseed.com/terms-conditions/
Skip to navigation
Skip to content
Country
Afghanistan
Åland Islands
Albania
Algeria
American Samoa
Andorra
Angola
Anguilla
Antarctica
Antigua and Barbuda
Argentina
Armenia
Aruba
Australia
Austria
Azerbaijan
Bahamas
Bahrain
Bangladesh
Barbados
Belarus
Belau
Belgium
Belize
Benin
Bermuda
Bhutan
Bolivia
Bonaire, Saint Eustatius and Saba
Bosnia and Herzegovina
Botswana
Bouvet Island
Brazil
British Indian Ocean Territory
Brunei
Bulgaria
Burkina Faso
Burundi
Cambodia
Cameroon
Canada
Cape Verde
Cayman Islands
Central African Republic
Chad
Chile
China
Christmas Island
Cocos (Keeling) Islands
Colombia
Comoros
Congo (Brazzaville)
Congo (Kinshasa)
Cook Islands
Costa Rica
Croatia
Cuba
Curaçao
Cyprus
Czech Republic
Denmark
Djibouti
Dominica
Dominican Republic
Ecuador
Egypt
El Salvador
Equatorial Guinea
Eritrea
Estonia
Ethiopia
Falkland Islands
Faroe Islands
Fiji
Finland
France
French Guiana
French Polynesia
French Southern Territories
Gabon
Gambia
Georgia
Germany
Ghana
Gibraltar
Greece
Greenland
Grenada
Guadeloupe
Guam
Guatemala
Guernsey
Guinea
Guinea-Bissau
Guyana
Haiti
Heard Island and McDonald Islands
Honduras
Hong Kong
Hungary
Iceland
India
Indonesia
Iran
Iraq
Ireland
Isle of Man
Israel
Italy
Ivory Coast
Jamaica
Japan
Jersey
Jordan
Kazakhstan
Kenya
Kiribati
Kuwait
Kyrgyzstan
Laos
Latvia
Lebanon
Lesotho
Liberia
Libya
Liechtenstein
Lithuania
Luxembourg
Macao
Madagascar
Malawi
Malaysia
Maldives
Mali
Malta
Marshall Islands
Martinique
Mauritania
Mauritius
Mayotte
Mexico
Micronesia
Moldova
Monaco
Mongolia
Montenegro
Montserrat
Morocco
Mozambique
Myanmar
Namibia
Nauru
Nepal
Netherlands
New Caledonia
New Zealand
Nicaragua
Niger
Nigeria
Niue
Norfolk Island
North Korea
North Macedonia
Northern Mariana Islands
Oman
Pakistan
Palestinian Territory
Panama
Papua New Guinea
Paraguay
Peru
Philippines
Pitcairn
Poland
Portugal
Puerto Rico
Reunion
Romania
Russia
Rwanda
São Tomé and Príncipe
Saint Barthélemy
Saint Helena
Saint Kitts and Nevis
Saint Lucia
Saint Martin (Dutch part)
Saint Martin (French part)
Saint Pierre and Miquelon
Saint Vincent and the Grenadines
Samoa
San Marino
Saudi Arabia
Senegal
Serbia
Seychelles
Sierra Leone
Singapore
Slovakia
Slovenia
Solomon Islands
Somalia
South Africa
South Georgia/Sandwich Islands
South Korea
South Sudan
Spain
Sri Lanka
Sudan
Suriname
Svalbard and Jan Mayen
Swaziland
Sweden
Switzerland
Syria
Taiwan
Tajikistan
Tanzania
Thailand
Timor-Leste
Togo
Tokelau
Tonga
Trinidad and Tobago
Tunisia
Turkey
Turkmenistan
Turks and Caicos Islands
Tuvalu
Uganda
Ukraine
United Kingdom (UK)
United States (US)
United States (US) Minor Outlying Islands
Uruguay
Uzbekistan
Vanuatu
Vatican
Venezuela
Vietnam
Virgin Islands (British)
Virgin Islands (US)
Wallis and Futuna
Western Sahara
Yemen
Zambia
Zimbabwe
Other countries
+44 207 267 7485
Contact us
My account
Register/Login
Search for:
Search
Home
About
About Us
Learn More
Our Process
Soap Makers Journey
FAQs
Shop
Nigella Sativa
Etymology
Testimonials
Properties Of Black Seed Oil
Dosage
Dosage & Use
Culinary Use
Blog
×
Search for:
Search
Recently added
STRONG Black Seed Oil VEGAN Capsules – 60 x 500mg
£19.99 — or subscribe and save
10%
Select options
-10%
EXTRA STRONG Black Seed Oil – 100mlRated 5.00 out of 5
£22.39 £20.10 — or subscribe and save
10%
Select options
Black Seed Balm
£15.00
Add to cart
£0.00
0
Home / Terms & Conditions
Conditions and Terms for The Blessed Seed
These terms and conditions are the contract between you and The Blessed Seed (“us”, “we”, etc). By visiting or using Our Website, you agree to be bound by them.
They are based on a set written by Net Lawman and released under licence. They protect your rights as well as ours.
I / We are The Blessed Seed, a Company registered in Turkey under the name of Seyfettin Goodwin. Our address is Pasadag Mah, Ulus Cad: Yakamoz Evleri,Kent Konut Aot Blok 9, Bina No 114 Daire 2,Basiskele,Kocaeli, Izmit, Turkey
You are: Anyone who uses Our Website.
Please read this agreement carefully and save it. If you do not agree with it, you should leave Our Website immediately.
The terms and conditions:
Definitions In this agreement:
“Carrier”
means any person or business contracted by us to carry Goods from us to you.
“Consumer”
means any individual who, in connection with this agreement, is acting for a purpose which is outside his business.
“Content”
means any content in any form published on Our Website by us or any third party with our consent.
“Goods”
means any of the goods we offer for sale on Our Website, or, if the context requires, goods we sell to you.
“Our Website”
means any website of ours, and includes all web pages controlled by us.
“Post”
means display, exhibit, publish, distribute, transmit and/or disclose information, Content and/or other material on to Our Website, and the phrases “Posted” and “Posting” shall be interpreted accordingly.
Interpretation In this agreement unless the context otherwise requires:
a reference to a person is a reference to one or more individuals, whether or not formally in partnership, or to a corporation, government body, or other association or organisation.
these terms and conditions apply to all supplies of Goods by us to any customer. They prevail over any terms proposed by you.
any agreement by any party not to do or omit to do something includes an obligation not to allow some other person to do or omit to do that same thing;
except where stated otherwise, any obligation of any person arising from this agreement may be performed by any other person;
in this agreement references to a party include references to a person to whom those rights and obligations are transferred or passed as a result of a merger, division, reconstruction or other re-organisation involving that party.
the headings to the paragraphs and schedules (if any) to this agreement do not affect the interpretation;
a reference to an act or regulation includes new law of substantially the same intent as that act or regulation.
in any indemnity, a reference to costs or expenses shall be construed as including the estimated cost of management time of the indemnified party, such cost calculated £100 per hour.
these terms and conditions apply in any event to you as a buyer or prospective buyer of our Goods and so far as the context allows, to you as a visitor to Our Website.
this agreement is made only in the English language. If there is any conflict in meaning between the English language version of this agreement and any version or translation of this agreement in any other language, the English language version shall prevail.
Our contract with you
This agreement contains the entire agreement between the parties and supersedes all previous agreements and understandings between the parties.
Each party acknowledges that, in entering into this agreement, he does not rely on any representation, warranty, information or document or other term not forming part of this agreement.
If you use Our Website in any way and make an order on behalf of another person you warrant that you have full authority to do so and you accept personal responsibility for every act or omission by you.
Because we rely on our suppliers, we do not guarantee that Goods advertised on Our Website are available. We may change these terms from time to time. The terms that apply to you are those posted here on Our Website on the day you order Goods.
The price of Goods may be changed by us at any time. We will never change a price so as to affect the price charged to you at the time when you buy those Goods.
If in future, you buy Goods from us under any arrangement which does not involve your payment via Our Website; these terms still apply so far as they can be applied.
We do not sell the Goods in all countries. We may refuse to deliver the Goods if you live in a country we do not serve.
Acceptance of your order
Your order is an offer to buy from us. Nothing that we do or say will amount to any acceptance of that offer until we actually dispatch the Goods to you. At any point up until then, we may decline to supply the Goods to you without giving any reason.
Your order is an offer to buy from us. We shall accept your order by [e-mail confirmation]. That is when our contract is made. [Our message will also confirm details of your purchase and tell you when we shall despatch your order].
If we do not have all of the Goods you order in stock, we will offer you alternatives. If this happens you may:
accept the alternatives we offer;
cancel all or part of your order.
Price and payment
The price payable for the Goods that you order is clearly set out on Our Website.
It is possible that the price may have increased from that posted on Our Website. If that happens, we will not despatch the Goods until you have confirmed that you wish to buy at the new price.
If the item you order is available in parts, you must pay us the full price of your order before we will send any part of it.
Bank charges by the receiving bank on payments to us will be borne by us. All other charges relating to payment in a currency you decided to pay will be borne by you.
Any information given by us in relation to exchange rates are approximate only and may vary from time to time.
If, by mistake, we have under-priced Goods, we will not be liable to supply that those Goods to you at the stated price, provided that we notify you before we dispatch it to you.
The price of the Goods does not include the delivery charge which will be charged at the rates applicable at the date you place your order and which will be displayed on a page of Our Website before we ask you to pay.
If we owe you money (for this or any other reason), we will credit your credit or debit card as soon as reasonably practicable but in any event no later than 30 days from the date when we accept that repayment is due.
Security of your credit cardWe take care to make Our Website safe for you to use.
Card payments are not processed through pages controlled by us. We use one or more online payment service providers who will encrypt your card or bank account details in a secure environment.
Cancellation and refundsThis and the following paragraph apply if you buy as a consumer as defined in the Consumer Contracts (Information, Cancellation and Additional Charges) Regulations 2013 (the “Regulations”). Provided the Regulations apply to the transaction concerned, then the following terms apply to the contract.
We now inform you that information relating to all aspects of our Goods is not in this document but in our marketing material, whether that is in the medium of Our Website or in hard copy.
The following rules apply to cancellation of your order:
If you have ordered Goods, but not received them, you may cancel your order without giving a reason, at any time within 30 days of your order. You will have no obligation and we will return your money.
If you have ordered Goods, and received them, you may cancel your order at any time within 1 year of the date you received them. You must tell us that you wish to cancel. You must also send the Goods back to us within that same 1 year period.
We will return your money subject to the following conditions:
we receive the Goods in a condition in which we can re-sell them at full price, in new condition, with labels and packaging intact.
you comply with our procedure for returns and refunds. We cannot return your money unless we know who sent them.
The option to cancel your order is not available:
if you purchase sealed goods which relate to health or hygiene, and they cannot be re-sold for some other reason;
if they are a hard medium for a product in soft copy, which comes to you sealed and is returned to us unsealed.
If the Goods are somehow mixed with other goods so that we cannot identify or easily separate them.
You are responsible for the cost of returning the Goods. We have no obligation to refund to you, your cost of re-packing and returning the Goods.
In any of the above scenarios, we will return your money within 15 days after receiving back the order.
Liability for subsequent defects
Please examine the Goods received from us immediately you receive them. If you do not tell us of any defect or problem within 15 days of receipt of the Goods, we shall assume that you have accepted them.
The procedure to return the faulty Goods is as follows:
the Goods must be returned to us as soon as any defect is discovered but not later than twelve months from receipt by you.
please follow the returns procedure provided on our website.
We will return your money subject to the following conditions:
we receive the Goods with labels and packaging intact.
you comply with our returns procedure. We cannot return your money unless we know who sent them.
you tell us clearly what is the fault you complain of, when it first became apparent, and other information to enable us to identify it.
If any defect is found, then we shall:
replace the Goods, or
refund the full cost you have paid including the cost of returning the Goods.
Delivery and pick up
Goods are delivered within 45 days from the day you place an order to purchase the Goods.
Deliveries will be made by the Carrier to the address stipulated in your order. You must ensure that someone is present to accept the delivery.
If we are not able to deliver your Goods within 45 days of the date of your order, we shall notify you by e-mail to arrange another date for delivery.
We may deliver the Goods in instalments if they are not all available at the same time for delivery.
Goods are sent at our risk until signed for by you or by any other person at the address you have given to us.
All Goods must be signed for on delivery by adult aged 18 years or over. If no one of that age is at the address when the delivery is attempted the Goods may be retained by the driver. When your Goods arrive, it is important that you check immediately the condition and quantity. If your Goods have been damaged in transit, you must refuse the delivery and immediately contact us so that we may dispatch a replacement quickly and minimise your inconvenience.
Signing “Unchecked”, “Not Checked” or similar is not acceptable.
Goods are sent by post. We will send you a message by email to tell you when we have despatched your order].
If we agree with you to deliver on a particular day or at a particular time, we will do our best to comply. But no time given is to be treated as contractual. So we are not liable to you for any expense or inconvenience you incur on account of delayed delivery or non-delivery.
We send our packages via various courier service, any delay in transit from them or issue due to any country law will not be our fault. We insist on selecting Shipping with tracker service so you can follow your orders transition status.
Time for delivery specified on the order, if any, is an estimate only and time shall not be of the essence.
We are happy for you to pick up Goods from our shop/ warehouse provided you make an appointment in advance and payment has been received into our bank. A cheque on arrival is not acceptable.
If you pick up Goods from our premises then:
Goods are at your risk from the moment they are picked up by you or your Carrier from our shop / warehouse;
you agree that you are responsible for everything that happens after you take possession of the Goods, both on and off our premises, including damage to property of any sort, belonging to any person.
Foreign taxes and duties
If you are not in the Turkey, we have no knowledge of, and no responsibility for, the laws in your country.
You are responsible for purchasing Goods which you are lawfully able to import and for the payment of import duties and taxes of any kind levied in your country.
Goods returnedThese provisions apply if you buy from us other than being a Consumer. The following rules apply to return the faulty Goods:
We do not accept returns unless there was a defect in the Goods at the time of purchase, or we have agreed in correspondence that you may return them.
The Goods must be returned to us as soon as any defect is discovered but not later than 1 year
So far as possible, Goods should be returned:
with both Goods and all packaging as far as possible in their original condition;
securely wrapped;
including our delivery slip;
at your risk and cost.
The procedure for return of Goods is set out on Our Website. If you do not follow this procedure, we may be unable to identify you as the sender of the Goods.
In returning faulty Goods please encloses with it a note clearly stating the fault and when it arises or arose.
If we replace the Goods, you have no additional claim against us either under this agreement or by statute or common law, in respect of the defect.
DisclaimersFor EU Consumers
The law differs from one country to another. This paragraph applies to sales throughout the EU.
All implied conditions, warranties and terms are excluded from this agreement. If in any jurisdiction an implied condition, warrant or term cannot be excluded, then this sub paragraph shall be deemed to be reduced in effect, only to the extent necessary to release that specific condition, warranty or term.
We make no representation or warranty for:
any implied warranty or condition as to merchantability or fitness of the Goods for a particular purpose;
the adequacy or appropriateness of the Goods for your purpose.
We claim no expert knowledge in any subject. We disclaim any obligation or liability to you arising directly or indirectly from information you take from Our Website.
You agree that in any circumstances when we may become liable to you, the limit of our liability is the amount you have paid us in the immediately preceding 12 month period for the Goods concerned.
We shall not be liable to you for any loss or expense which is:
indirect or consequential loss; or
economic loss or other loss of turnover, profits, business or goodwill, even if such loss was reasonably foreseeable or we knew you might incur it.
This paragraph (and any other paragraph which excludes or restricts our liability) applies to our directors, officers, employees, subcontractors, agents and affiliated companies (who may enforce this provision under the Contracts (Rights of Third Parties) Act 1999 / Contracts (Rights of Third Parties) (Scotland) Act 2017, as well as to us.
If you become aware of any breach of any term of this agreement by any person, please tell us by emailing to info@theblessedseed.com. We welcome your input but do not guarantee to agree with your judgement.
For non-EU Consumers
The law differs from one country to another. This paragraph applies so far as the applicable law allows.
All implied conditions, warranties and terms are excluded from this agreement. If in any jurisdiction an implied condition, warrant or term cannot be excluded, then this sub paragraph shall be deemed to be reduced in effect, only to the extent necessary to release that specific condition, warranty or term.
We make no representation or warranty for:
the quality of the Goods;
any implied warranty or condition as to merchantability or fitness of the Goods for a particular purpose;
the correspondence of the Goods with any description;
the adequacy or appropriateness of the Goods for your purpose.
We claim no expert knowledge in any subject. We disclaim any obligation or liability to you arising directly or indirectly from information you take from Our Website.
We shall not be liable to you for any loss or expense arising out of or in connection with your use of Our Website, which is indirect or consequential loss, or economic loss or other loss of turnover, profits, business or goodwill. This applies whether in an action of contract, negligence or otherwise, even if such loss was reasonably foreseeable or we knew you might incur it.
We make no representation or warranty and accept no responsibility in law for:
accuracy of any Content or the impression or effect it gives;
delivery of Content, material or any message;
privacy of any transmission;
any act or omission of any person or the identity of any person who introduces himself to you through Our Website;
any aspect or characteristic of any goods or services advertised on Our Website;
Our Website includes Content Posted by third parties. We are not responsible for any such Content. If you come across any Content which offends you, please contact us via the “Contact us” page on Our Website.
We will do all we can to maintain access to Our Website, but it may be necessary for us to suspend all or part of our service for repairs, maintenance or other good reasons. We may do so without telling you first.
You agree that in any circumstances when we may become liable to you, the limit of our liability is the amount you have paid us in the immediately preceding 12 month period for the Goods concerned.
This paragraph (and any other paragraph which excludes or restricts our liability or provides an indemnity to us) applies to our directors, officers, employees, subcontractors, agents and affiliated companies, as well as to us. Any of them may enforce this provision under the Contracts (Rights of Third Parties) Act 1999 / Contracts (Rights of Third Parties) (Scotland) Act 2017.
If you become aware of any breach of any term of this agreement by any person, please tell us by Email to info@theblessedseed.com. We welcome your input but do not guarantee to agree with your judgement.
Nothing in this agreement excludes liability for a party’s fraud.
Your account with us
You agree that you have provided, and will continue to provide accurate, up to date, and complete information about yourself. We need this information to provide you with the Goods.
If you use Our Website, you are responsible for maintaining the confidentiality of your account and password and for preventing any unauthorised person from using your account.
You agree to accept responsibility for all activities that occur under your account or password. You should tell us immediately if you believe some person has accessed your account without your authority and also log in to your account and change your password.
Restrictions on what you may Post to Our WebsiteYou agree that you will not use or allow anyone else to use Our Website to Post Content which is or may:
be malicious or defamatory;
consist in commercial audio, video or music files;
be illegal, obscene, offensive, threatening or violent;
be sexually explicit or pornographic;
be likely to deceive any person or be used to impersonate any person, or to misrepresent your identity, age or affiliation with any person;
give the impression that it emanates from us or that you are connected with us or that we have endorsed you or your business;
solicit passwords or personal information from anyone;
be used to sell any goods or services or for any other commercial use;
include anything other than words (i.e. you will not include any symbols or photographs) except for a photograph of yourself in your profile in such place as we designate;
link to any of the material specified above, in this paragraph.
send age-inappropriate communications or Content to anyone under the age of 18.
Your Posting: restricted contentIn connection with the restrictions set out below, we may refuse or edit or remove a Posting which does not comply with these terms.In addition to the restrictions set out above, a Posting must not contain:
hyperlinks, other than those specifically authorised by us;
keywords or words repeated, which are irrelevant to the Content Posted.
the name, logo or trademark of any organisation other than yours.
inaccurate, false, or misleading information.
How we handle your Content
Our privacy policy is strong and precise. It complies fully with current EU law incorporating the General Data Protection Regulation (GDPR).
If you Post Content to any public area of Our Website it becomes available in the public domain. We have no control who sees it or what anyone does with it.
Even if access to your text is behind a user registration it remains effectively in the public domain because someone has only to register and log in, to access it. You should therefore avoid Posting unnecessary confidential information.
You now irrevocably authorise us to publish feedback, comments and ratings about your activity through Our Website, even though it may be defamatory or critical.
Posting content of any sort does not change your ownership of the copyright in it. We have no claim over it and we will not protect your rights for you.
You understand that you are personally responsible for your breach of someone else’s intellectual property rights, defamation, or any law, which may occur as a result of any Content having been Posted by you.
You accept all risk and responsibility for determining whether any Content is in the public domain and not confidential.
Please notify us of any security breach or unauthorised use of your account.
Removal of offensive Content
For the avoidance of doubt, this paragraph is addressed to any person who comes on Our Website for any purpose.
We are under no obligation to monitor or record the activity of any customer for any purpose, nor do we assume any responsibility to monitor or police Internet-related activities. However, we may do so without notice to you and without giving you a reason.
If you are offended by any Content, the following procedure applies:
we shall remove the offending Content as soon as we are reasonably able;
after we receive notice of a claim or complaint, we shall investigate so far as we alone decide;
We may re-instate the Content about which you have complained or not.
In respect of any complaint made by you or any person on your behalf, whether using our form of complaint or not, you now irrevocably grant to us a licence to publish the complaint and all ensuing correspondence and communication, without limit.
You now agree that if any complaint is made by you frivolously or vexatiously you will repay us the cost of our investigation including legal fees, if any.
Security of Our WebsiteIf you violate Our Website we shall take legal action against you.You now agree that you will not, and will not allow any other person to:
modify, copy, or cause damage or unintended effect to any portion of Our Website, or any software used within it.
link to Our Website in any way that would cause the appearance or presentation of the site to be different from what would be seen by a user who accessed the site by typing the URL into a standard browser;
download any part of Our Website, without our express written consent;
collect or use any product listings, descriptions, or prices;
collect or use any information obtained from or about Our Website or the Content except as intended by this agreement;
aggregate, copy or duplicate in any manner any of the Content or information available from Our Website, other than as permitted by this agreement or as is reasonably necessary for your use of Our Website;
share with a third party any login credentials to Our Website.
Despite the above terms, we now grant a licence to you to:
create a hyperlink to Our Website for the purpose of promoting an interest common to both of us. You can do this without specific permission. This licence is conditional upon your not portraying us or any product or service in a false, misleading, derogatory, or otherwise offensive manner. You may not use any logo or other proprietary graphic or trademark of ours as part of the link without our express written consent.
you may copy the text of any page for your personal use in connection with the purpose of Our Website.
IndemnityYou agree to indemnify us against all costs, claims and expense arising directly or indirectly from:
your failure to comply with the law of any country;
your breach of this agreement;
any act, neglect or default by any agent, employee, licensee or customer of yours;
a contractual claim arising from your use of the Goods;
a breach of the intellectual property rights of any person.
Intellectual Property
We will defend the intellectual property rights in connection with our Goods and Our Website, including copyright in the Content whether provided by us or by any other content provider (including copyright in: text, graphics, logos, icons, images, audio clips, digital downloads, data, and software).
Except as set out below, you may not copy, modify, publish, transmit, transfer or sell, reproduce, create derivative works from, distribute, perform, display, or in any way exploit any of the Content, in whole or in part.
You may not use our name or logos or trademarks or any other Content on any website of yours or that of any other person.
Subject to the other terms of this agreement, you may download or copy Content only for your own personal use, provided that you maintain all copyright and other notices contained in it. You may not store electronically any significant portion of any Content.
Dispute resolutionIn this paragraph the term “ADR Provider” means an approved body under the Alternative Dispute Resolution for Consumer Dispute Regulations 2015.The following terms apply in the event of a dispute between the parties:
If you are not happy with our services or have any complaint then you must tell us by email message to email address or an updated address which you will find on Our Website.
Detailed information about our complaint handling procedure is at support@theblessedseed.com
If a dispute is not settled as set out above, we hope you will agree to attempt to resolve it by engaging in good faith with us in a process of mediation or arbitration.
We can propose an ADR Provider or will listen to your proposal. If you are in any way concerned, you should read the regulations at: http://ec.europa.eu/consumers/odr/.
Miscellaneous matters
When we communicate with you we do so by email. You agree that email communications are contractually binding in the same way as properly signed and dated paper sent by post.
Where we provide goods or services without specific charge to you, then it (or they) is deemed to be provided free of charge, and not to be associated with any other Goods for which a charge is made. Accordingly, there is neither contractual nor other obligation upon us in respect of those goods or that service.
If any term or provision of this agreement is at any time held by any jurisdiction to be void, invalid or unenforceable, then it shall be treated as changed or reduced, only to the extent minimally necessary to bring it within the laws of that jurisdiction and to prevent it from being void and it shall be binding in that changed or reduced form. Subject to that, each provision shall be interpreted as severable and shall not in any way affect any other of these terms.
The rights and obligations of the parties set out in this agreement shall pass to any permitted successor in title.
No failure or delay by any party to exercise any right, power or remedy will operate as a waiver of it nor indicate any intention to reduce that or any other right in the future.
Any communication to be served on either party by the other shall be delivered by hand or sent by first class post or recorded delivery or by e-mail.
It shall be deemed to have been delivered:
if delivered by hand: on the day of delivery;
if sent by post to the correct address: within 72 hours of posting;
If sent by e-mail to the address from which the receiving party has last sent e-mail: within 24 hours if no notice of non-receipt has been received by the sender. Take care before agreeing to accept service by e-mail. It may be convenient, but you could miss or accidentally delete the message
This agreement does not give any right to any third party under the Contracts (Rights of Third Parties) Act 1999 / Contracts (Rights of Third Parties) (Scotland) Act 2017 or otherwise.
Neither party shall be liable for any failure or delay in performance of this agreement which is caused by circumstances beyond his reasonable control, including any labour dispute between a party and its employees.
In the event of any conflict between any term of this agreement and the provisions of the articles of a limited company or any comparable document intended to regulate any other corporate or collective body, then the terms of this agreement shall prevail.
The validity, construction and performance of this agreement shall be governed by the laws of Turkey and you agree that any dispute arising from it shall be litigated only in that country.
Disclaimer This product is not intended to diagnose, treat, cure, or prevent any disease.
Product categories Beauty & Skincare (6)Black Seed BalmLuxury Rose, Argan & Black Seed Oil – 50mlRhassoul Clay & Black Seed Oil Face Mask – 100mlMoisturizing Face Cream – 50mlBlack Seed Oil Rhassoul Clay Facial Wash – 50mlBlack Seed Soap & Shampoo bar – 80gBlack Seed (1)Black Seeds Bag- 100g Black Seed Capsules (4)STRONG Black Seed Oil VEGAN Capsules – 60 x 500mgMILD Black Seed Oil Capsules – 60 x 500mgSTRONG Black Seed Oil Capsules – 90 x 500mgSTRONG Black Seed Oil Capsules – 60 x 500mgBlack Seed Oil (6)EXTRA STRONG Black Seed Oil – 100mlORGANIC MILD Black seed Oil – 1 LitreSTRONG Black Seed Oil – 100mlORIGINAL Black Seed Oil – 1 LitreSTRONG Black Seed Oil – 1 LitreORGANIC MILD Black Seed Oil – 100mlMILD Black Seed Oil – 1 LitreMILD Black Seed Oil – 100mlORIGINAL Black Seed Oil – 100mlGift Packs (5)Beauty & Haircare DeluxeSignature EssentialsHealth and Nutritional BoostBudget BuyPurist’s PickHoney Products (4)100% Pure Deep Forest Organic Honey – 340g (Clear honey)Black Seed BalmPropolis Tablets – 90 x 1000 mgBee Pollen Capsules – 90 x 500mgRoyal Jelly Vegetarian Capsules – 90x500mgOrganic Black Seed Honey – 340g100% Pure Deep Forest Organic Honey – 340g (Set honey)
Recent reviews
STRONG Black Seed Oil - 100ml
Rated 5 out of 5
by lash61211
Black Seed Soap & Shampoo bar - 80g
Rated 5 out of 5
by Cari Cater
RECENT POSTS
Top Five Workout Apps
Top All-Natural Makeup Brands
The Guide to Managing Anxiety
Simple Ways to Naturally Whiten Your Teeth
Say Goodbye to Bad Breath Forever
Experience The Strongest Black Seed Oil In The World –GET 10% OFF YOUR FIRST ORDER
Ready to Experience the Magic of Black Seed Oil? Enter Your Email Below and Get 10% Off Your First Order!
We use cookies to personalise content and ads, to provide social media features and to analyse our traffic. If you continue to use the website, we assume your consent. Find out more.