https://www.thorvie.com/privacy-policy/disclaimers/
My AccountCart
CALL NOW: 866-497-0572
Income and Earning Disclaimers
Any earnings or income statements or earnings or income examples, are only estimates of what we think you could earn. There is no assurance you’ll do as well. If you rely upon our figures you must accept the risk of not doing as well.
Where specific income figures are used and attributed to an individual or business, those persons or businesses have earned that amount. There is no assurance you’ll do as well. If you rely upon our figures; you must accept the risk of not doing as well.
Any and all claims or representations as to income earnings on this web site are not to be considered as average earnings. There can be no assurance that any prior successes, or past results, as to income earnings, can be used as an indication of your future success or results.
Monetary and income results are based on many factors. We have no way of knowing how well you will do, as we do not know you, your background, your work ethic, or your business skills or practices. Therefore we do not guarantee or imply that you will get rich, that you will do as well, or make any money at all . There is no assurance you’ll do as well. If you rely upon our figures; you must accept the risk of not doing as well.
Satisfaction Guaranteed
Your satisfaction is important to us! We take great measures to ensure that you receive high quality products at the best manufacture direct prices. However, if you ever have the need to return a product, we will gladly accept your return subject to the terms stated below. Simply call us at 1-920-497-0572 between the hours of 8:30 a.m. and 5:00 p.m. (CST), Monday thru Friday, to arrange for an exchange or return. All exchanges/returns must be pre-authorized, and you must have an assigned RMA# from us, before returning any products.
RETURNS/EXCHANGES
All Thorvie International standard branded product we sell can be returned for an exchange or refund, less any discounts, within 10 days of the original shipment date, shipping charges are non-refundable. All returns must be shipped pre-paid. We do recommend that you insure your package, as we are not responsible for lost or damaged shipments. All returns must be in new condition or they may be subject to a refurbishing charge. All products accepted for return within 30 days of the invoice date are subject to a 15% re-stocking charge. All re-sale products and machine sales are final and not eligible for return.
WARRANTIES
All Thorvie International standard branded products carry a warranty of one year against defects in materials and workmanship. All other non Thorvie International branded products usually carry a one-year manufacturers warranty and may be returned to the manufacture as stated in their warranty. Non-defective products that are being returned for credit will be subject to a 15% restocking fee. Products found to be defective will be accepted for exchange or refund within 30 days of the original shipment date. Damaged or misused products are neither guaranteed nor warranted. After 30 days and throughout the remainder of the manufacturer’s warranty period, we will exchange the defective product for an identical product only.
Thorvie International LLC hereby disclaims all other warranties, including warranties of merchantability and fitness for a particular purpose.  Custom, (non-stock), manufactured products are neither guaranteed nor warranted.
To return a Thorvie International branded product after you have spoken to our Customer Service department and obtained an RMA#, please ship to the address below,
Attn: Returns. RMA# ______
Thorvie International LLC
1315 Pearl St.
Waukesha, WI  53186
Your RMA# must be clearly indicated on the outside of any packaging, not on the product or the product packaging.
All prices are subject to change without notice and we are not responsible for misprints or out of stock items. Some products may vary in size and style from the pictorial representations in this web site.
Used Machine/Equipment Customer Service Policy
Thorvie International’s customer service program is non-transferable to the new owner with purchases of used equipment. Our customer service program is for customers who purchase new or demo equipment directly through Thorvie International. We will gladly help in any way possible with questions related to purchases on new equipment or used equipment maintenance and service related issues.
×
×Cart
By continuing to use this website, you consent to the use of cookies in accordance with our Cookie Policy.
Accept