https://www.seawaychina.com/legal-notices/
Skip to content
Seaway China Company has partnered with Lion and Unicorn Auctioneers on a new adventure! Although these items are not available, we hold monthly auctions with 100s of Royal Doulton, Lladro and other Collectibles. Please be sure to visit lionandunicorn.com for our upcoming auction.
Explore Our Auctions
About Us
About the Owners
Contact Us
Shipping & Returns
Payment Options
Visit Our Gallery
Museums & Exhibitions
Privacy Policy
Legal Notices
Conditions of Use
Seaway China® Website Legal Notices as of 7/23/11
Welcome to the Seaway China® website. By using the Seaway China Website YOU AGREE TO BE BOUND BY ITS LEGAL NOTICES (explained below), CONDITIONS OF USE, PRIVACY POLICY and all disclaimers and terms and conditions that appear elsewhere on the Seaway China Website.
References to Seaway China herein refer to Whitley Collection, Inc. d/b/a Seaway China and its affiliates, subsidiaries and designees as deemed appropriate by Seaway China.
Seaway China reserves the right to make changes to its Legal Notices and Conditions of Use at any time. Each time you use the Seaway China Website, you should visit and review the then current Legal Notices and Conditions of Use that apply to your use of this site and any transactions made while on the site. If you are dissatisfied with, its content or Legal Notices and Conditions of Use, you agree that your sole and exclusive remedy is to discontinue using the Seaway China Website.
Tampering with the site, misrepresenting the identity of a user or conducting fraudulent activities on this website are prohibited.
Proprietary Rights
All content included on or comprising the Seaway China Website including information, data, software, photographs, graphs, videos, typefaces, graphics, music, sounds and other material (collectively “Content”) is protected by copyright, trademark, patent or other proprietary rights, and these rights are valid and protected in all forms, media and technologies existing now or developed in the future. All Content is copyrighted as a collective work under the U.S. and international copyright laws, and Seaway China owns, to the fullest extent allowed by such laws, the copyright in the selection, coordination, arrangement, and enhancement of any and all Content.
It is strictly prohibited to modify, transmit, distribute, reuse, repost, “frame” or use the content of the Seaway China Website including the text, images, audio and/or video for public or commercial purposes without written permission from an authorized representative of Seaway China. It is strictly prohibited to download the images of the products for sale within this site for any use except for personal use.
Except as expressly authorized or licensed, you may not copy, modify, remove, delete, augment, add to, publish, transmit, participate in the transfer or sale, lease or rental of, create derivative works from or in any way exploit any of the Content, in whole or in part. The Seaway China logos and other trademarks on the site are the property of their respective owners and are owned by, licensed to, or, where required, used with permission by Seaway China and may not be reproduced, copied, or manipulated in any manner without the express, written approval of the trademark owner.
By using the Seaway China Website, you agree that any information (except for purchase information), materials, suggestions, ideas or comments you send to Seaway China or any other third party using the Seaway China Website is non-confidential. By submitting any solicited or unsolicited information using the Seaway China Website, you grant Seaway China an irrevocable and unrestricted license to use, modify, reproduce, transmit, display and distribute such materials, information, suggestions, ideas or comments for any purpose whatsoever to the extent permitted by law.
Applicable Law
The Seaway China Website is created, operated and controlled by Seaway China in the State of Florida, United States of America. The laws of the State of Florida will govern the Legal Notices, Conditions of Use as well as your use of this website without giving effect to any principles or conflicts of laws. By using the Seaway China Website, you agree that the exclusive jurisdiction for any action, lawsuit or controversy brought in relation to the Seaway China Website shall lie exclusively in the State and Federal Courts located in Miami-Dade County, Florida. By using the Seaway China Website you waive all rights to any other venue for any such action except in Miami-Dade County, Florida.
Links to Third-Party Websites
The Seaway China Website may contain links to other sites operated by third-parties, including but not limited to third-party sites that display the Seaway China trademarks (“Third-Party Site(s)”). These links are available for your convenience and are intended only to enable access to these Third-Party Sites and for no other purpose.
Seaway China does not warrant or make any representation about the substance, quality, functionality, accuracy, fitness for a particular purpose, merchantability or any other representation about any Third-Party Site or its content. A link to a Third-Party Site on the Seaway China Website does not constitute sponsorship, endorsement, approval or responsibility for any Third-Party Site. Seaway China makes no representation or warranty as to any products or services offered on any Third-Party Site.
The conditions of use and privacy policy of any Third-Party Site may differ substantially from the Conditions of Use and Legal Notices that apply to your use of the Seaway China Website. Please review the conditions of use for all Third-Party Sites for more information about the terms and conditions that apply to your use of Third-Party Sites.
Privacy
Please review the Seaway China Privacy Policy for information on the privacy practices of the Seaway China Website.
Security
If you use this site, you are responsible for maintaining the confidentiality of your account and password and for restricting access to your computer. You agree to accept responsibility for all activities that occur under your account and password.The Seaway China Website may only be used for lawful purposes. Activities including, but not limited to, tampering with the site, misrepresenting the identity of a user, using buying agents or conducting fraudulent activities on the site are prohibited.
Users are prohibited from violating or attempting to violate the security of the Seaway China Website, including, without limitation, (a) accessing data not intended for such user or logging onto a server or an account which the user is not authorized to access; (b) using the website for unintended purposes or trying to change the behavior of the site; (c) attempting to probe, scan or test the vulnerability of a system or network or breach security or authentication measures without proper authorization; (d) attempting to interfere with service to any user, host or network, including without limitation via means of submitting a virus to the site, overloading, “flooding,” “spamming,” “mailbombing” or “crashing;”; (f) forging any TCP/IP packet header or any part of the header information in any e-mail or newsgroup posting. Violations of system or network security may result in civil or criminal liability; or (g) forging communications on behalf of the Website (impersonating the Seaway China Website) or to the Website (impersonating as a legitimate user). Sending unsolicited and unauthorized e-mail on behalf of Seaway China, including promotions and/or advertising of products or services, is expressly prohibited. Violations of system or network security may result in civil or criminal liability.
You agree not to use any device, software or routine or data to interfere or attempt to interfere with the proper working of the Seaway China Website or any activity being conducted on this site. You agree, further, not to use or attempt to use any engine, software, tool, agent, data or other device or mechanism (including without limitation browsers, spiders, robots, avatars or intelligent agents) to navigate or search the Seaway China Website other than the search engine and search agents provided by Seaway China or generally publicly available browsers.
Owner and Operator of The Seaway China Website
Whitley Collection, Inc., is the owner and operator of the Seaway China Website. Seaway China is a d/b/a of Whitley Collection, Inc., The Seaway China Website address is
www.SeawayChina.com.
The mailing address for Seaway China is: 485 South Federal Highway, Dania Beach, FL 33004
Search for:
Home
Explore
Royal Doulton
Figurines
Character Jugs and Toby Jugs
Flambe
Bunnykins
Animals
Advertising Characters
Literature
Other Popular Brands
Lladro Porcelain
Coalport Collectables
Royal Worcester
Bairstow Manor Collectables
Jim Shore Collectibles
McIntosh Boxed Mug Sets
About
About the Owners
Shipping & Returns
Payment Options
Visit Our Gallery
Museums & Exhibitions
Privacy Policy
Legal Notices
Conditions of Use
Contact
Blog
Sell Your Collection
Login
Get Notified of Upcoming Sales and Auctions