https://www.dancia.co.uk/terms-and-conditions/
Covid-19: The latest updates from Dancia - Click HereALL SHOPS NOW OPEN &centerdot CLICK & COLLECT STILL AVAILABLE* Warehouse opening hours: 10am - 5:30pm on Mon, Tue, Thu & Fri *
Login & Register  |
My Account  |
Contact Us  |
Site Map  |
Help
BASKET: (0) items £0.00
CHECKOUT »
Dance shoes
Dancewear
Ballet wear
Accessories
Gaynor Minden
Gymnastics
Store locator
Jobs
Website Information:
Terms and Conditions
Privacy Policy
Cookies
Accessibility
Sitemap
Help
Terms And Conditions
Terms and
Conditions for the Sale
of Goods
You will be asked to expressly agree to these terms
and conditions before ordering Products from this Site.
Please read them carefully.
If you do not agree to them, do not order any
Products from this site.
In order to
indicate your acceptance of these terms and conditions, you must check the box
marked "I agree to the terms and conditions applicable to orders made on
this web site" at the
end of the checkout form.
(1)
Definitions and interpretation
In this
Agreement "we" means Dancia Ltd (and "us" and "our" shall be construed
accordingly); and "you" means the relevant customer or potential customer as
the case may be (and "your" shall be construed accordingly).
In this
Agreement, the following definitions shall apply:
"Agreement"
means this agreement incorporating any terms set out in our Second
Acknowledgement;
"First
Acknowledgement" means the initial automatic email acknowledgment which we will
send to you after receiving your Order;
"Order"
means your order for Products made via the Site;
"Products"
means goods which may be purchased by you from the Site;
"Second
Acknowledgement" means the email acknowledgment which we will send to you
(where appropriate) confirming acceptance of your Order; and
"Site"
means the website at www.dancia.co.uk or any successor site operated by us from
time to time.
(2)
This Agreement
The
advertising of Products on the Site constitutes an "invitation to treat"; and
your Order for Products constitutes a contractual offer.
No contract comes into force between you and
us unless and until we accept your Order.
In
order to enter into this Agreement with us, you will need to take the following
steps: you must add any the Products you wish to purchase to your shopping cart
and then proceed to the checkout; if you are a new customer, you must then
create an account with us and log in; if you are an existing customer, you must
enter your login details; once you are logged in, you must select your
preferred method of delivery and confirm your Order and your consent to the
terms of this Agreement; you will be transferred to the SECPay website, and
SECPay will handle your payment; we will then send you the First
Acknowledgment; and once we have checked whether we are able to meet your
Order, we will either send you the Second Acknowledgement (at which point this
Agreement will become a binding contract) or we will confirm by email that we
are unable to meet your Order.
Please
note that we will not file a copy of this Agreement.
We may update the version of this Agreement
on the Site from time to time, and we do not guarantee that the version you
have agreed to will remain accessible.
We therefore recommend that you download, print and retain a copy of
this Agreement for your records.
The only
language in which we offer this Agreement is English.
Before you
place your Order, you will have the opportunity of identifying whether you have
made any input errors by viewing the contents of your shopping basket.
You may correct those input errors before
placing your Order by clicking on the shopping basket icon and adding or
removing Products.
(3)
About us
Our full name is Dancia Ltd. Our registered office address is 2a
Palmeira Square Hove East Sussex BN3 2JA
and our principal trading address is Crown House, Crown Road, Portslade, BN41 1SH . Our company registration
number is 3385394.
Our email address is
sales@dancia.co.uk.
Our VAT
number is 780 7296 00.
(4)
Price and payment
Prices for
Products are quoted on the Site.
The
Site contains a large number of Products and it is always possible that some of
the Products listed on the Site may be incorrectly priced.
We will verify prices as part of our sale
procedures so that a Product's correct price will be stated when you pay for
the Product.
In
addition to the price of the Products, you will have to pay a delivery charge,
which will be as stated when you pay for the Product.
Payment
must be made before the Products are dispatched.
We may withhold the Products and/or terminate
this Agreement if the price is not received from you in full, on time, in
cleared funds.
The prices
on the Site include any value added or sales taxes (where applicable).
Payment
for all Products must be made by Credit or Debit card via SECPay.
Prices for
Products are liable to change at any time, but changes will not affect
Agreements which have come into force.
(5)
Delivery
We will
arrange for the Products to be delivered to the address for delivery indicated
in your Order.
We will
use reasonable endeavours to deliver Products on or before the date for
delivery set out in our Second Acknowledgement or, if no date is set out in our
Second Acknowledgement, within 3 days of the date of our Second
Acknowledgement.
However, we cannot
guarantee delivery by the relevant date.
We do however guarantee that unless there are exceptional circumstances
all deliveries of Products will be dispatched within 30 days of the later of
receipt of payment and the date of our Second Acknowledgement.
If the
Products are not held in stock, you will be notified at the earliest
opportunity and given the option of cancelling your order.
(6)
Risk
and title
The
Products will be at your risk from the time of delivery.
Ownership of the Products will only pass to
you after we receive full payment of all sums due in respect of the Products
(including delivery charges)
(7) Consumer Rights
(7.1) Your right to
cancel
You may cancel this Agreement at any time within 7 working
days after the day you received the Products (subject to the limitations set
out below).
If you cancel this Agreement on this basis, you must inform us
in writing and return the Products to us immediately with a completed Returns
Form. Failure to supply a completed returns form may delay the processing of
your return.
Products must be returned in the same condition in which you
received them. Any shoes or garments you wish to return must be unworn, with
labels attached, free from make-up, odour and deodorant marks and be in the
original packaging where applicable. We regret that for hygiene reasons we are
unable to accept returned tights or underwear if they have been removed from
their packaging, unless they are defective.
Products returned by you within the 7 working day period
referred to above will be refunded in full, including the cost of sending the
Products to you via standard delivery, as quoted on the Site. However, you will
be responsible for paying the cost of returning the Product to us. We strongly
recommend that you obtain proof of postage when returning Products to us.
If you cancel this Agreement on this basis and you do not
return to the Products to us, we may recover the Products and charge you for
the costs we incur in doing so. Similarly, if you return the Products at our
expense, we may pass that expense on to you.
We reserve the right to refuse your cancellation and charge you in full
for Products if you do not cancel this Agreement within the statutory 7 day
cooling off period, or if returned Products do not comply with the conditions
above.
(7.2) Exemptions
Products that are bespoke, customised or "made to
order" are exempt from this right to cancel and are not subject to the
statutory 7 working day cooling off period mentioned above. If your order
contains products that are "made to order" (and therefore, non-returnable),
we will expressly inform you of this and give you the option of cancelling any
such items before proceeding with your order.
(7.3) Exchange Policy
If you wish to exchange Products purchased from the Site you
must return them to us with a completed Returns Form within 21 working days
after the day you received your order.
Products must be returned in the same condition in which you
received them. Any shoes or garments you wish to return must be unworn, with
labels attached, free from make-up, odour and deodorant marks and be in the
original packaging where applicable. We regret that for hygiene reasons we are
unable to exchange tights or underwear if they have been removed from their
packaging, unless they are defective.
If the sale price of the exchange Product is less than the
sale price of the Product originally purchased, we will refund the difference
to you using the same method originally used by you to pay for your purchase.
If the sale price of the exchange product is greater than the sale price of the
Product originally purchased, you will be required to pay the difference in
price as part of the exchange process.
You will be responsible for paying the cost of returning the
Products to us. We strongly recommend that you obtain proof of postage when
returning Products to us.
For exchanges being delivered to UK addresses, we offer free
standard delivery the first time a Product is exchanged. However, if you wish
to exchange a Product more than once or your shipping address is outside the
UK, additional shipping costs will be charged at the rate quoted on the Site.
If you have received free postage on a UK exchange and
subsequently cancel the Agreement, the cost of posting your exchanged item(s)
will be deduced from the amount refunded to you.
We reserve the right to refuse your exchange request and charge you in
full for Products if you do not request your exchange within 21 working
days after the day
you received your order, or if returned Products do not comply with
the conditions above.
(8) Defective
Products and Products sent in Error
You may also cancel this Agreement if the Products supplied
are defective, or if the wrong Products have been sent to you in error.
Products returned by you because of a defect or an error on
our part will be refunded in full (including the cost of sending the Products
to you via standard delivery, and the cost of you returning the Products to us
by 2nd class post). Alternatively, if we and you agree, we may supply you with
a replacement or substitute Product.
Please note that we will only refund the cost of returning Products
to us by 2nd class post, and only when the Products are defective or the wrong Products
have been sent to you in error. We strongly recommend that you obtain proof of
postage when returning Products to us.
(9) Refunds
If you cancel this Agreement and are entitled to a refund,
we will usually refund any money received from you using the same method
originally used by you to pay for your purchase. We will process the refund due
to you as soon as possible and, in any event, within 30 days of the day we
received your notice of cancellation.
(10)
Warranties
We warrant
to you that any Product you purchase through the Site will be of satisfactory
quality.
You
warrant to us that: you have full authority, power and capacity to enter into
this Agreement and that all necessary actions have been taken to enable you to
lawfully enter into this Agreement; you are legally capable of entering into
binding contracts; the information provided in the Order is accurate; and you
will be able to accept delivery of the Products as contemplated in this
Agreement.
Subject to
the warranties set out in above, to the maximum extent permitted by applicable
law we disclaim all warranties with respect to the Products, whether express or
implied.
(11)
Limitations of liability
Nothing in
this Agreement shall limit or exclude your or our liability for: death or
personal injury caused by negligence; under section 12 of the Sale of Goods Act
1979, section 2 of the Supply of Goods and Services Act 1982, or section 2(3)
of the Consumer Protection Act 1987; for fraud or fraudulent misrepresentation;
or for any matter for which it would be illegal for to limit or exclude, or attempt
to limit or exclude, liability.
Subject to
this: our liability in connection with any Product purchased through our site
is strictly limited to the higher of the purchase price of the relevant Product
and the replacement cost of the relevant Product; we accept no liability for
any loss of income or revenue, loss of business, loss of profits or contracts,
loss of anticipated savings, loss of data, waste of management or office time
or for any indirect or consequential loss or damage of any kind however arising
and whether caused by tort (including negligence), breach of contract or
otherwise, even if foreseeable; and we will not be liable or responsible for
any failure to perform, or delay in performance of, any of our obligations
under this Agreement caused by events outside our reasonable control.
(12)
General terms
Images of
Products on the Site are for illustrative purposes; actual Products may differ
from such images.
We will
treat all your personal information that we collect in connection with your
Order in accordance with the terms of our Privacy
Policy; use of our website will be subject to our
Website Terms and Conditions.
This
Agreement may only be varied by an instrument in writing signed by both you and
us.
We may revise these terms from
time-to-time, but such revisions will not affect the terms of any Agreement
which we have entered into with you.
If any
provision of this Agreement is held invalid or unenforceable by a court of
competent jurisdiction, the remaining provisions of this Agreement shall remain
in full force and effect, and such invalid or unenforceable provisions or
portion thereof shall be deemed omitted.
No waiver
of any term, provision, or condition of this Agreement, whether by conduct or
otherwise, in any one or more instances, will be deemed to be, or be construed
as, a further or continuing waiver of that term, provision or condition or any
other term, provision or condition of this Agreement.
You may
not assign, charge, sub-contract or otherwise transfer this Agreement, or any
of your rights or obligations arising under this Agreement.
Any attempt by you to do so shall be null
and void.
We may assign, charge,
sub-contract or otherwise transfer this Agreement, or any of our rights or
obligations arising under this Agreement, at any time -
providing such action
does not serve to reduce the guarantees benefiting you under this Agreement.
This
Agreement is made for the benefit of the parties to it and is not intended to
benefit, or be enforceable by, any other person. The right of the parties to
terminate, rescind, or agree any amendment, variation, waiver or settlement
under this Agreement is not subject to the consent of any person who is not a
party to this Agreement.
This
Agreement contains the complete agreement between the parties with respect to
the subject matter hereof, and supersedes all prior or contemporaneous
agreements or understandings, whether oral or written.
This
Agreement will be governed by and interpreted in accordance with the laws of
the England,
and the English courts shall have exclusive jurisdiction with respect to any
dispute arising under this Agreement.
Get our newsletter
Help and info
Shipping
Returns Policy
Refunds & Exchanges
Help Centre & FAQ
Create an account
Our shops
Store locator
Brighton
London, Covent Garden
Caversham, Reading
Crowthorne
Ewell village, Epsom
Shop online
Dance shoes
Dancewear
Balletwear
RAD & ISTD uniforms
Dance sneakers
Latin & ballroom
About us
About Dancia
Contact us
Jobs at Dancia
What's in store
Special offers
New this season
Find your local shop
Terms and Conditions |
Privacy Policy |
Cookies |
Accessibility |
Site Map |
Help