http://www.lindora.com/privacy-policy/
This site uses cookies to enhance your browsing experience. By continuing to the site you accept their use. Accept Privacy Policy Skip to contentLast updated: June 5, 2019Our Commitment to PrivacyYour privacy is important to Lindora. We know that you care about the information you provide to us and how it is used. We appreciate that you trust us to use this information carefully. This Privacy Policy informs you of our policies regarding the collection, use, and disclosure of Personal Information (as defined below) when you use our website (“Site”) and the choices you have associated with that data. This Privacy Policy does not address Personal Information that you provide to us in other contexts (e.g., through a business relationship not handled through the Site).User ConsentBy submitting or making available Personal Information to us through our Site or otherwise, you agree to the terms of this Privacy Policy and you expressly consent to the processing of your Personal Information in accordance with this Privacy Policy.Changes to This Privacy PolicyThis Privacy Policy may change from time to time as we add new features and services, as laws change, and as industry privacy and security best practices evolve. We will notify you of any changes that we consider material by posting the new Privacy Policy on the Site. You are advised to review this Privacy Policy periodically for any changes. Any changes or updates will be effective immediately upon posting to the Site. By visiting and using our Site, you are accepting the practices in this Privacy Policy, including all such changes and updates that have been made as of that date. Small changes or changes that do not significantly affect individual privacy interests may be made at any time and without prior notice.The Information We CollectWe collect your personally identifiable information (“Personal Information”) when you choose to provide such information, such as when you:Order products;Register for programs and services;Make an appointment for a free consultation;Request information from us via the Site;Participate in online programs;Participate in surveys;Apply for a Lindora career posting;Post messages on online bulletin boards;Exchange questions, make comments, and receive information from Lindora staff members;Connect with online “WebPals”;Participate in live webchats with Lindora customer service representatives;Submit information through the “Contact Us” page of the Site; andProvide us feedback or contact us via email.This information can include:First and last name;Email address;Contact information, including phone number and postal address;Account credentials, including password;Credit card number and account information;Weight, physical activities, and various demographic, medical and physical information including information about your diet;Professional title and company name;Work and educational history; orOther content you may provide (for example, when sending us messages through the “Contact Us” page).We also collect cookies and usage data, including your Internet Protocol (“IP”) address, browser type, and web log data (see the section of this Privacy Policy on Usage Data below for more details).If you choose to give us Personal Information, we may use that Personal Information to correspond with you, provide you with requested materials, and contact you with newsletters, marketing or promotional materials, and other information that may be of interest to you. You may opt out of receiving any, or all, of these communications by following the “unsubscribe” link or instructions provided in any email we send.back to topUsage DataLike many website operators, we collect information that your browser sends whenever you visit our Site in order to improve the overall quality of your online experience. This may include information such as your computer’s IP address, browser type, and browser version; the pages of our Site that you visit; the referring site and search engine keyword that helped you find the Site; and other diagnostic data.Web Server Logs and IP Addresses.  An IP address is a number that automatically identifies the computer or device you have used to access the internet. The IP address enables our server to send you the web pages that you want to visit, and it may disclose the server owned by your internet service provider. We may use IP addresses to conduct website analyses and performance reviews and to administer the Site, though we will not combine traffic data with user accounts.Cookies, Web Beacons, and Other Tracking Technologies. We use cookies and similar tracking technologies to track the activity on the Site and hold certain information.Cookies are small pieces of information that a website sends to your computer’s hard drive while you are viewing the website. Cookies in and of themselves do not personally identify users, though they do identify a user’s computer.  Many websites use cookies as a standard practice to provide useful features when users visit the websites, and most web browsers are set up to accept cookies.  We use cookies to improve your online experience when visiting the Site.  For example, cookies may be used to prevent you from receiving multiple requests to participate in the same survey.  Information collected via the use of cookies may be used for marketing and/or research purposes and may be shared by us with our affiliates and unaffiliated parties.  You have the option of disabling your browser’s use of cookies, but, if you do so, you will be unable to access certain features of the Site.Some of the Site’s web pages may use web beacons in conjunction with cookies to compile aggregate statistics about website usage.  A web beacon is an electronic image (also referred to as an “action tag,” “single-pixel,” or “clear GIF”) that is commonly used to track the traffic patterns of users from one web page to another in order to maximize web traffic flow and to otherwise analyze the effectiveness of a website.  Some web beacons may be unusable if you elect to reject their associated cookies.  We also use tracking technologies such as tags and scripts to collect and track information and to improve and analyze the Site.back to topResponse to “Do-Not-Track” SignalsSome web browsers may transmit “do-not-track” signals to the websites with which a user communicates, though web browsers incorporate and activate this functionality in different ways and it is not always clear whether users intend for these signals to be transmitted. There currently is disagreement, including among participants in the leading internet standards-setting organization, concerning what, if anything, websites should do when they receive such signals. We currently do not take action in response to these signals, but, if and when a standard is established and accepted, we may reassess how to respond to these signals.How We Use InformationWe will use your Personal Information only (i) to provide you with requested information; (ii) to communicate with you regarding account status and changes to the policies or agreements relevant to you; (iii) to operate the Site, including to fulfill your purchase orders and guide the weight management programs you enroll in; (iv) to provide marketing materials, communications and information, promotional offers, and newsletters; and (v) for our everyday business purposes.We also use nonidentifying and aggregate information to monitor the effectiveness of our programs and to let our customers know how we’re doing. For example, we may publish the average weight lost in a 10-week program for a specific population of our program participants without disclosing anything that could be used to identify those individuals.If you provide your email address, we may send you administrative and promotional emails. Where required in the relevant jurisdiction, we will obtain your consent before sending you promotional emails. If you wish to opt out of promotional emails, you may do so by following the “unsubscribe” instructions in the emails.How We Disclose Your DataWe share information about your Site experiences and other interactions with Lindora with our affiliates for our affiliates’ everyday business and marketing purposes. We will not sell, rent, license, or trade your Personal Information with nonaffiliate third parties for their or our own direct marketing use unless we receive your express consent to do so. Unless you give us permission to do so, we will not share your Personal Information with third parties other than as specified in this Privacy Policy. Information about our clients or former clients will only be disclosed as permitted or required by law.Disclosures to Third Parties Assisting in Our OperationsWe may share your Personal Information under confidentiality agreements and any legally required data-processing agreements with other companies that we work with, or that work on our behalf, to provide specific services, such as the hosting of your applications, email solutions, maintenance services, database management, payment processing for purchases, the monitoring and analyzing of the data and usage of the Site, or the providing of support and maintenance services for the Site, as well as legal, regulatory, audit and other professional advisors. [Please confirm that this list of third parties is reasonably accurate] These companies may use your Personal Information to assist us in our operations or for our legitimate business interests. However, these companies do not have any independent right to share this information.Disclosures Under Special CircumstancesWe may also release your Personal Information when we believe release is appropriate to comply with the law (such as to comply with a subpoena, or similar legal process), enforce our Site or other company policies, or protect ours or others’ rights, property, or safety. This may include exchanging information with other companies and organizations for fraud protection and credit risk reduction but does not include disclosing clients’ Personal Information for commercial purposes in violation of this Privacy Policy.Specifically, we may disclose your Personal Information in the good-faith belief that such action is necessary to:Respond to subpoenas, court orders, search warrants, legal processes or governmental regulations or inquiries, or to otherwise comply with a legal obligation;Protect, establish, and/or defend our rights or property;Prevent or investigate possible wrongdoing in connection with the Site, including by cooperating with law enforcement authorities in investigating and prosecuting users who violate our rules or engage in behavior that is illegal or harmful to other users;Protect the personal safety of users of the Site or the public;Investigate, prevent, or take action regarding illegal activities or suspected fraud, or as otherwise required by law; orProtect against legal liability.Other Parties with Your Consent or at Your DirectionIn addition to the disclosures described in this Privacy Policy, we may share information about you with third parties when you consent to or request such sharing.Business TransfersWe may share your Personal Information with another business entity in connection with the sale, assignment, merger or other transfer of all or a portion of our business to such entity. We will require any such successor business entity to honor the terms of this Privacy Policy.Our Commitment to Data SecurityThe security of your Personal Information is important to us. We maintain administrative, technical and physical safeguards designed to protect the Personal Information that you provide against accidental, unlawful or unauthorized destruction, loss, alteration, access, disclosure or use. Remember, however, that while we have endeavored to create a secure and reliable Site for users, no method of transmission over the internet, or method of electronic storage, is 100% secure. While we strive to use commercially acceptable means to protect your Personal Information, we cannot guarantee its absolute security. As discussed further in our Terms of Use, we will have no liability for disclosure of such information due to errors in transmission, unauthorized acts of third parties or through the use of third-party cookies including those of advertisers when you view or click on their advertisements.Links to Other WebsitesThe Site contains links and connections to other websites for your convenience and information. These websites may operate independently from us. Linked websites may have their own privacy notices or policies, which we strongly suggest you review if you visit any linked websites. To the extent any linked websites you visit are not owned or controlled by us, we are not responsible for the websites’ content, any use of the websites, or the privacy practices of the websites.Access & Your ChoicesAt certain locations on the Site where information about you may be requested, you are offered the opportunity to opt out of receiving communications from us. You can view much of the Personal Information that we have collected about you through the My Account section of our Site. In many cases, we give you the ability to update that information directly through the web interface.Further, you may review and request changes or corrections to your Personal Information that we have collected, including the deletion of your Personal Information and removal of your Personal Information from our databases in order to prevent receipt of future communications, by contacting us as described below in the Section entitled “How to Contact Us.”  Please include in your request sufficient information for us to fulfill your request. To protect your privacy and security, we will take reasonable steps to verify your identity before granting access or making corrections.Your Role in Protecting Your PrivacyYou are responsible for maintaining the confidentiality of your account password. Never share your password with anyone you don’t want accessing your account. You agree that you will provide access to your password only to insured spouses and/or dependents, and you agree that any user of your password is bound by the terms set forth in this Privacy Policy and the Terms of Service. It is your sole responsibility to inform Lindora of any need to deactivate a password.Further, because some information you supply to us is stored in cookies in your computer, and also because email messages you receive may be kept in a file on your computer, it is important that you protect against unauthorized access to your computer.Whenever you use a shared computer, you should always log into your own account before entering personal information into any website, and be sure to log off when you are finished. If you are concerned about sensitive information that may be stored in cookies, you can use your browser to clear all cookies immediately after you finish your session on our website, and you can print, then delete, email messages that contain confidential information. Lindora cannot protect against access to any information stored on the hard drive of the computer you use.Children’s Privacy ProtectionUnder Age 13.  The Site is not directed to children under the age of 13, and we do not knowingly collect or retain Personal Information about persons under age 13. We encourage parents and legal guardians to monitor the activity of those under 13 years of age. If you have reason to believe that a child under the age of 13 has provided Personal Information to us without parental consent, please contact us and we will make every effort to delete that data from our databases. It is not our policy to intentionally collect or maintain information about anyone under the age of 13. No one under the age of 13 should submit any Personal Information to us or the Site.Under Age 18.  Minors under 18 years of age, but who are age 13 or above, may have the Personal Information that they have provided to us deleted by contacting us as specified in the How to Contact Us section of this Privacy Policy and requesting deletion. Please note that, while we make reasonable efforts to comply with such requests, deletion of your Personal Information does not ensure complete and comprehensive removal of that data from all our systems and backup systems.Terms of UsePlease also visit the Terms of Use section of the Site establishing the use, disclaimers, and limitations of liability governing the use of our Site.How to Contact UsShould you have any questions or concerns about this Privacy Policy, please call us at 1-800-LINDORA or send an email to customer_service@lindora.com.Thank you for your interest in Lindora. back to top
SearchFind a Clinic