https://www.timpson.co.uk/privacy/
Home
/
Privacy
Privacy and Cookies Policy
At Timpson we take the responsibility of looking after your personal data very seriously.  This policy shows how we take the utmost care to ensure that your data is safe and secure with us so that you can be confident shopping on the Timpson website.  We also explain how we use your data to provide you with our services.
What this policy covers.
The Timpson website and its associated applications are operated by Timpson Ltd, a company registered in England and Wales (Company Registration Number 00675216) whose registered office is at Timpson House, Claverton Road, Wythenshawe, Manchester M23 9TT.
The Timpson Group are registered as a data controller with the Information Commissioner’s Office (registration number Z5074849).
This policy explains how we may use information we collect about you, as well as your rights over any personal information we hold about you. Please read this policy, together with the Terms and Conditions carefully as by accessing the website or mobile apps you confirm to have understood and agreed to them.
What personal information we collect about you.
We collect information about you when you:
visit the site.
register an account on the site.
buy, or attempt to buy, products or services on the site.
upload your photographs to the site and design products.
take part in promotions, competitions, customer surveys and questionnaires.
contact customer services in any way.
write a ‘Mystery Shopper’ review.
Depending on how you use our services the types of information we collect may include:
Your name
Your email address
Your password
Your location
Your billing address(es)
Your shipping address(es) or the stores(s) where you opt to collect orders
Your phone number(s)
Your images or other content you upload to the site
Your IP address
Whether or not you agree to marketing emails
Details about 3rd parties that you share with us such as the name, address and telephone number of someone you send an order to
Information about how you use the site – like which pages you visit
Information about what you order and when and how you order
Correspondence between you and us
This is an indicative list only and other personal information may be collected from time to time.
Note: we do not store your payment details.
The website may contain links to other sites which are outside of our control and not covered by this Privacy Policy.  The operators of these sites may collect information from you that will be used by them in accordance with their policy, which may differ from ours.
How and why we use your personal data.
Collecting your personal information helps us to better understand what you need from us.  We only collect the information necessary for us to provide you with our services.  We use your information to:
manage and improve the site.
personalise and provide our services to you.
administer and operate your account.
process your orders.
tell you about important changes to the site and our services.
understand your shopping behaviour to develop and improve our products and services.
manage promotions, competitions, customer surveys and questionnaires.
if you write a ‘Mystery Shopper’ review we will share your contact details and your comments with our area management team to allow them to contact you if necessary and to enable them to improve the service we provide.  We may also publish your review on our website, on marketing material and on social media but we will remove any personal information other than your first name and the store reviewed.
Retention of your personal data.
Any images or text that you upload will be kept for no more than 30 days if you do not go ahead and order the item(s) you have designed.  If you order an item then your images, text or designs will be retained for long enough for us to reprint your order in case of a problem such as a quality or delivery issue.
Digital ID photos will be stored for no more than 30 days in order to give you the opportunity to use them for your desired purpose e.g. renewing your passport online.
Other personal information relating to your account and your orders will be retained so that we can provide you with customer support.
How we share personal data with our service providers.
Some of our products are produced for you by trusted third parties appointed by us.  We only share the information that they need to produce your items.  For example, only the images that will be printed on the item(s) they are producing and only your name, address and telephone number to enable them to deliver your item(s).
How we share personal data with other organisations.
We will never disclose your information to anyone outside Timpson Group except:
where we have your consent
where we are required or permitted to do so by law
to other companies who provide a service to us, our sub-contractors or partners who produce some of the items available for you to order.  All of these companies act strictly on our instructions
or to any successors in title to our business.
How we protect your personal data.
We ensure that the trust you place in us is reflected in the protection we provide when storing your data.  We have implemented appropriate administrative, technical and physical processes to safeguard your personal data.  We regularly review our processes to ensure they meet our high standards.
International transfers of your data.
Whenever we transfer personal information to countries outside the European Economic Area we will ensure that appropriate security measures are taken to protect your personal data.  In the case of information stored in the USA we ensure that our partners work within the EU-US Privacy Shield Framework.
Your marketing preferences and market research.
We may contact you:
with offers and information about the products and services we offer via the site; or
for customer research e.g. to help improve our services
Of course the choice is entirely yours but if you say that you do not want to receive marketing information from us this will prevent you from receiving great offers or promotions that may be of interest to you.
When you place an order or register for a Timpson account online you can opt-in to receive marketing emails from us by checking the relevant tick box.  If you later wish to opt-out simply click "Your Account" in the top menu and then click "My Account" and uncheck the relevant tick box.  Alternatively you can opt out from the link in the footer of any of our marketing emails.
We like to hear your views to help us to improve our service.  From time to time we may contact you to ask your opinions but we will only do this if you are opted in to marketing communications.
If you are not opted in to marketing communications we will only contact you with transactional information.  For example, about:
items that you have placed in your basket but not checked out.
orders that you place on the site – for example to confirm orders you have placed and to update you about the status of your orders.
questions you have asked us.
How we use cookies and similar technologies.
Cookies are text files containing small amounts of information which are downloaded to your personal computer, mobile or other device when you visit a website.  Cookies are then sent back to the originating website on each subsequent visit, or to another website that recognises that cookie.  We use cookies to improve the service that we provide to you.  For example we use cookies:
to personalise your visit and to enable you to use some of the features of the site.
to improve the way in which the site works by allowing us to understand how you use the site.  These cookies collect mostly anonymous data that is aggregated across all visitors to the site.
to deliver relevant online advertising to you.  From time to time we may advertise our services on other organisations’ websites.  The cookies that we use to do this can collect information about your online behaviour including your IP address, which website you arrived at our site from and information about your purchase history or the content of your shopping basket.  You may then see adverts from us on other organisations’ websites.   These cookies are placed on our site by advertising networks with our permission.
to measure the effectiveness of the emails we send you and our online advertising.  For example we use cookies to tell us if you have opened emails that we have sent you or if you have seen a specific advert.
You can use your browser settings to manage cookies.  The ‘help’ menu of most browsers will tell you how to adjust your cookie preferences.  However, if you decide to disable cookies used on Timpson you may find that the site does not operate as intended.
Your rights.
To obtain a copy of the information that we hold about you please write to: Data Compliance Manager, Colleague Support Department, Timpson Group PLC, Timpson House, Claverton Road, Wythenshawe, Manchester, M23 9TT or click here to contact us.
If any of the details we hold about you are incorrect please let us know and we will amend them.
Updates to this policy.
This policy replaces all previous versions and is correct as of 19th December 2019.  We reserve the right to change this policy at any time and will keep it up to date so please visit this page again to check for the latest version.
Contact us.
If you have any questions about how we collect, keep and use your personal data please click here to contact us.
Newsletter
Enter your email address to receive news, offers and promotions from Timpson by email. You can opt out whenever you like – for more details please see our privacy policy.
Timpson
In Store Services
Timpson Group
About Timpson
Careers at Timpson
Customer Service
Contact
Help & Advice
Online FAQs
Recycling (WEEE Regulations)
Human Rights and Modern Slavery Statement
Our approach to tax (PDF)
Fair Tax Statement (PDF)
© 2019 Timpson Ltd.
Made by Affinity Digital |
Terms
-
Privacy
Top of Page