http://www.brownells.com/aspx/general/terms_of_use.aspx
800-741-0015
Live Chat
Live Chat
Facebook
Instagram
Help
Create an Account
Login
Create an Account
Cart (0)
View Cart
Checkout
Products
Schematics
Manufacturers
Other Ways to Shop
Learn
Sale & Clearance
FirearmsRifle PartsHandgun PartsShotgun PartsMagazinesAmmoReloadingShooting AccessoriesGunsmith ToolsOpticsGun CleaningEmergency & Survival Gear
Schematic ID Number
View All Brands
View Dream Guns®
A
B
C
D
E
F
G
H
I
J
K
L
M
N
O
P
Q
R
S
T
U
V
W
X
Y
Z
view all manufacturers
Filter by Firearm:
-- Select a Make--
1911
2011
Accu-II
Accu-Mag
Accuracy International
Aero
Agnstadt Arms
AK-47
AK-74
AKM
Alex Pro Firearms
American Defense Mfg
American Tactical Imports
AMT
Anschutz
APF
AR .308
AR-15
Arex Defense
Arisaka
Armalite
Armi Sport
Arsenal Inc
Auto Ordnance
Battle Arms Development
Bauer
Benelli
Benjamin
Beretta
Bergara
Bersa
Bighorn
Black Rain Ordnance
Boberg
Brownells
Browning
Brugger & Thomet
BSA
Bulgarian
Bushmaster
Canik
Caracal
Century Arms
Cetme
Charles Daly
Charter Arms
Chiappa
Churchill
CIL
CMMG
Colt
Connecticut Valley Arms (CVA)
Cooey
Crio
Crio Plus
CZ
CZ-USA
Czech Small Arms
Dakota
Dan Wesson
Daniel Defense
Defiance
Del-Ton
Diamondback
Doublestar
DPMS
DS Arms
EAA
Ed Brown
Enfield
F-1 Firearms
Falkor Defense
FH
Fightlite Industries
Fire-Storm
FM Products
FN
Fostech
Franchi
Franklin Armory
Fusion Firearms
G Force
Galil
Geissele
German Sport Gun
Girsan
Glock
Grand Power
Griffin Armament
H&R
Heckler & Koch
Henry
Heritage Manufacturing
Herters
Hi-Point
High Standard
HMG
Howa
Hudson Manufacturing
Hungarian
Inland
Inter-Orndance
Interarms
Invector
Invector Plus
Ithaca
Iver Johnson
IWI
Japanese Military
JP Enterprise
Just Right Carbine
Kahr
Kahr Arms
Kalashnikov USA
Kel Tec
Kel-Tec
Kimber
Knight's Manufacturing Company
Knights Armament
Krag-Jorgensen
Kriss
L. C. Smith
Lancer
Lee Armory
Les Baer
LKCI
Llama
LMT
Lone Peak
Lone Wolf
Long Action
Lugers
LWRC
M&M Industries
M16
Magnum Research
Makarov
Marlin
Master of Arms
Mauser
Maverick
MKA
MKE
Mobilchoke
Mobilchoke Victory
Montana Rifle Co.
Mosin Nagant
Mossberg
Musgrave
Navy Arms
Nemo Arms
New England Firearms
North American Arms
Nosler
OB HP
Optima
Optima HP
Optima Plus
Ortgies
Panzer Arms
Para-Ordnance
Parker
Parker-Hale
Pietta
Polymer 80
Primary Weapons System
Pro-Bore
PTR
Q
Radian
Radical Firearms
Rem Choke
Remington
Robinson Armament
Rock Island
Rossi
Ruger
Russian
Saiga
Sako
Sar Arms
Sauer
Savage Arms
SCCY
Schmidt-Rubin
Schmitt-Rubin
Sears
Shiloh
Short Action
Sig Arms
Sig Sauer
SKB
SKS
Smith & Wesson
SMLE
SOCOM
Sons Of Liberty Gun Works
Springfield
Stag Arms
Star
Stevens
Steyr Mannlicher
STI
STI/Infinity
Stiller
Stoeger
Tactical Solutions
Tanfoglio
Taran Tactical Innovations
Taurus
Tavor
Taylor's & Co. Inc
Thin-Tube
Thinwall
Thompson Center
Thureon Defense
Tikka
TNW
Tommy Built Tactical
Traditions
Tru-Choke
Tru-Tube
Uberti
Universal Handguns
Universal Rifles
Universal Shotguns
UZI
V Seven
Voere
Volquartsen
Walther
Weatherby
Western Field
Wilson
Wilson Combat
Win-Choke
Winchester
Windham Weaponry
Yugo
Z-B Rifle
Zastava
Zastava Arms USA
Zenith
ZEV Technologies
then
-- Select a Model --
GO
Direct Stock Entry
New Products
Hot Sellers
Rebate Items
Dream Guns®
Filter by Firearm:
-- Select a Make --
1911
AK-47
AR .308
Armalite
Benelli
Beretta
Browning
Colt
CZ
Enfield
FN
Glock
H&R
Heckler & Koch
Howa
Ithaca
IWI
Kahr Arms
Kel-Tec
Kimber
M16
Marlin
Mauser
Mosin Nagant
Mossberg
Para-Ordnance
Remington
Ruger
Savage Arms
Sig Sauer
SKS
Smith & Wesson
SMLE
Springfield
Steyr Mannlicher
Stoeger
Taurus
Universal Handguns
Universal Rifles
Universal Shotguns
Walther
Weatherby
Winchester
then
-- Select a Model --
GO
Filter by Category:
Select a Category
Gunsmithing (988)
Ammunition (46)
Information & News (1356)
Books & Videos (7)
Gun Cleaning & Chemicals (242)
Magazines (48)
Optics & Mounting (176)
Shooting Accessories (239)
Gun Parts (674)
How To Build a 1911 (23)
How To Build An AR (11)
Reloading (31)
Emergency & Survival Gear (106)
View All
Search Learn
AR-15
1911
Remington 870
Ammunition
Reloading
Gunsmithing Tools
Create an Account
Log In
Menu
Shop Products
Firearms
Blackpowder
Handguns
Rifles
Shotguns
Rifle Parts
Barrel Parts
Bolt Parts
Books & Videos
Forend & Handguard Parts
Gas System Parts
Muzzle Devices
Receiver Parts
Sights
Stock Parts
Triggers Parts
Grip Parts
Safety Parts
Handgun Parts
Action Parts
Barrel Parts
Blackpowder Revolvers
Books & Videos
Frame Parts
Grip Parts
Receiver Parts
Recoil Parts
Sights
Slide Parts
Trigger Group Parts
Safety Parts
Shotgun Parts
Barrel Parts
Bolt Parts
Books & Videos
Choke Tubes & Accessories
Magazine Tube Parts
Receiver & Action Parts
Sights
Stock & Forend Parts
Trigger Group Parts
Magazines
Handgun Magazines
Rifle Magazines
Shotgun Magazines
Ammunition
Handgun Ammo
Rifle Ammo
Shotgun Ammo
Rimfire Ammo
Reloading
Brass
Bullet Casting
Bullets
Case Cleaning
Case Preparation
Measuring Tools
Powder
Powder Handling
Primers
Priming Tools
Reloading Dies
Reloading Presses
Shellholders & Shellplates
Wads
Benches
Books & Videos
Meplat Uniforming
Muzzleloading Components
Reloading Kits
Shot
Shooting Accessories
Ammunition Storage
Apparel
ARFCOM Gear
Bipods, Monopods & Accessories
Books & Videos
Brownells Gear
Duty Gear
Ear & Eye Protection
Electronic Device Cases
Flashlights & Accessories
Gifts
Gloves & Grip Accessories
Gun Storage
Holsters & Belt Gear
Range Gear
Recoil Parts
Shooting Rests
Slings & Sling Swivels
Speedloaders & Accessories
Suppressor Accessories
Tactical Gear
Targets & Accessories
Training & Safety Gear
Windmeters & Flags
Gunsmith Tools & Supplies
Barrel Tools
Books & Videos
General Gunsmith Tools
Handgun Tools
Measuring Tools
Metal Prep & Coloring
Power Tools & Accessories
Rifle Tools
Safety Equipment
Shop Accessories & Supplies
Shotgun Tools
Sight & Scope Installation Tools
Small Hardware
Stock Work & Finishing
Optics & Mounting
Action Cameras
Binoculars & Accessories
Electronic Sights
Game & Trail Cameras
Night Vision
Optic Accessories
Rangefinders
Rings, Mounts & Bases
Scopes
Spotting Scopes & Accessories
Gun Cleaning & Chemicals
Brushes & Bore Snakes
Cleaning Kits
Cleaning Rods & Accessories
Gun Cleaning Cradles
Oils & Lubricants
Patches & Mops
Professional Cleaning Systems
Solvents & Degreasers
Emergency & Survival Gear
Backpacks & Bags
Books & Videos
Emergency Electronics
Fire Starters
First Aid
Food & Cooking Supplies
Hygiene
Knives
Lighting
Security Cameras
Self Defense
Shelter & Bedding
Supplies
Survival Kits
Tools
Water & Hydration
Shop Schematics
Shop Manufacturers
Sale & Clearance
Customer Service
Terms of Use
Welcome to the Brownells, Inc. websites, which include but are not limited to www.Brownells.com, www.Sinclairintl.com, and www.Policestore.com (the “Websites”).  The following terms and conditions (together with any documents referred to in them) (collectively, the “Terms of Use”) apply to your use of the Websites, including any content, functionality and services offered on or through the Websites, whether as a guest or a registered user, or through mobile or desktop application versions of the Websites.  Please read these Terms of Use carefully before using the Websites. Additionally, please review our Privacy Policy to understand our practices.  By using the Websites you signify your consent to these Terms of Use and our Privacy Policy, incorporated here by reference.  If you do not want to agree to these Terms of Use or the Privacy Policy, you must exit the Websites.
To access the Websites or some of the resources they offer, you may be asked to provide certain registration details or other information. It is a condition of your use of the Websites that all the information you provide on the Websites is correct, current and complete.  If you choose, or you are provided with, a user name, password or any other piece of information as part of our security procedures, you must treat such information as confidential, and you must not disclose it to any third party. You agree to immediately notify Brownells of any unauthorized use of your user name or password or any other breach of security. You also agree to ensure that you exit from your account at the end of each session. You should use particular caution when accessing your account from a public or shared computer so that others are not able to view or record your password or other personal information.  We have the right to disable any user identification code or password, whether chosen by you or provided by us, at any time in our sole discretion for any or no reason, including, if in our opinion, you have failed to comply with any provision of these Terms of Use.
The content on the Websites is for information purposes only and you agree that your use of and browsing in the Websites is at your risk.  In no event shall Brownells, Inc. its subsidiaries or affiliates and their officers, directors, employees or agents (“Brownells”), be liable to you for any direct, indirect, special, punitive or consequential damages resulting from any (i) errors, mistakes, or inaccuracies of content, (ii) personal injury or property damage, of any nature whatsoever, resulting from your access to and use of the Websites, (iii) any unauthorized access to or use of our secure servers and/or any and all personal information and/or financial information stored therein and whether or not Brownells is advised of the possibility of such damages.
You agree to defend, indemnify and hold harmless Brownells, against all third party claims, actions or demands, liabilities, and settlements, including, without limitation, reasonable attorney's fees, arising in connection with your use of the Websites or resulting from, or alleged to result from, your use of the Websites or your violation of these Terms of Use.
Brownells has taken reasonable efforts to ensure that the information contained in the Websites is accurate; however, all information is provided “as is” without any express or implied warranties, including but not limited to the implied warranties of merchantability, fitness for a particular purpose or non-infringement.  In addition, by using the Websites and viewing the content on the site, including but not limited to instructional articles and videos, you understand and agree that all firearms are potentially dangerous if handled improperly and can pose risks and hazards to yourself and others, which may result in property damage, serious injury or death.  Any advice, guidance or other information provided on the Websites cannot completely anticipate your situation, and shall not create any warranty not expressly made herein, regardless of any omission or inaccuracy of information contained on Brownells.com.  Also please note that certain of our products require you to be at least 18 or 21 years of age and/or hold certain licenses to purchase and if you enter into any online shopping transactions on the Websites, you agree that you are of legal age and have all necessary authority to enter into and bind yourself under any agreements made on the Websites.
The Websites may contain interactive features that allow you to post, submit, publish, display or transmit to other users (hereinafter “post”) content or materials (collectively, “User Contributions”) on or through the Websites.  Any User Contribution you post to the Websites will be considered non-confidential and non-proprietary, and we have the right to use, copy, distribute and disclose to third parties any such material for any purpose.  You represent and warrant that you own or control all rights in and to the User Contributions and have the right to grant Brownells the license granted in this paragraph.  You represent and warrant that all of your User Contributions do and will comply with these Terms of Use, and you agree to defend, indemnify and hold harmless Brownells and its licensors from any breach of this representation and warranty.  You understand and acknowledge that you are responsible for any User Contributions you submit or contribute, and you, not Brownells, have full responsibility for the legality, reliability, accuracy, and appropriateness of such content.  Any content and/or opinions submitted to the Websites, and all articles and responses to questions and other content, other than the content provided by Brownells, are solely the opinions and the responsibility of the person or entity submitting them and do not necessarily reflect the opinion of the Company.  We are not responsible or liable to any third party for the content or accuracy of any materials posted by you or any other user of the Websites.  We have the right to:
Remove or refuse to post any User Contributions for any or no reason in our sole discretion.
Take any action with respect to any User Contribution that we deem necessary or appropriate in our sole discretion if we believe that such User Contribution violates the Terms of Use, infringes any intellectual property right or other right, threatens the personal safety of users of the Websites and the public or could create liability for the Company.
Disclose your identity to any third party who claims that material posted by you violates their rights, including their intellectual property rights or their right to privacy.
Take appropriate legal action, including without limitation, referral to law enforcement, for any illegal or unauthorized use of the Websites.
Terminate your access to all or part of the Websites for any or no reason, including without limitation, any violation of these Terms of Use.
Without limiting the foregoing, we have the right to fully cooperate with any law enforcement authorities or court order requesting or directing us to disclose the identity of anyone posting any materials on or through the Websites. YOU WAIVE AND HOLD HARMLESS BROWNELLS FROM ANY CLAIMS RESULTING FROM ANY ACTION TAKEN BY THE COMPANY DURING OR AS A RESULT OF ITS INVESTIGATIONS AND FROM ANY ACTIONS TAKEN AS A CONSEQUENCE OF INVESTIGATIONS BY EITHER BROWNELLS OR LAW ENFORCEMENT AUTHORITIES.  However, we do not undertake to review all material before it is posted on the Websites, and cannot ensure prompt removal of objectionable material after it has been posted. Accordingly, we assume no liability for any action or inaction regarding transmissions, communications or content provided by any user or third party. We have no liability or responsibility to anyone for performance or non-performance of the activities described in this paragraph.
Brownells assumes no responsibility and shall not be liable for any damages to, or viruses that may infect, your computer equipment or other property on account of your access to, use of, or browsing in the Websites or your downloading of any materials, data, text, images, video, or audio from the Websites.
All right, title and interest in the Websites and any content contained herein is the exclusive property of Brownells, except as otherwise stated.  The trademarks, logos, and service marks displayed on the Websites (collectively the “Trademarks”) are the trademarks of Brownells or their respective third-party owners.  Under no circumstances may you alter, modify, or change these Trademarks.  You are prohibited from using the Trademarks for any purpose without the written permission of Brownells or such third party, which may own the Trademarks.
The Websites may contain links to other websites operated by third parties other than Brownells. Such links are provided for your convenience only. Brownells does not control such websites and is not responsible for their content. The fact that the Websites contain links to sites operated by third parties other than Brownells does not mean that Brownells approves of, endorses or recommends those sites, nor does it imply any association with their operators. Your linking to any other off-site pages or other sites is at your own risk. Brownells disclaims all warranties, express or implied, as to the accuracy, legality, reliability or validity of any content on any other site and disclaims all responsibility for any loss, injury, claim, liability or damage of any kind resulting from any third party websites or content therein directly or indirectly accessed through links in the Websites.
By accessing the Websites, you agree that the laws of the State of Iowa, without regard to the conflict of laws and principles thereof, will apply to all matters relating to the use of the Websites.  You also submit to the personal jurisdiction of Iowa and the venue of the state and federal Courts of Iowa.
Brownells may at any time revise these Terms of Use by updating this posting. You are bound by any such revisions and should therefore periodically visit this page to review the current Terms of Use to which you are bound.  Your continued use of the Websites following the posting of revised Terms of Use means that you accept and agree to the changes.
The illegality or unenforceability of any provision of these Terms of Use shall not affect the validity and enforceability of any legal and enforceable provisions of these Terms of Use.
In an effort to comply with US export regulations and ensure appropriate end-use, end-user or ultimate country of destination in purposed transactions, it is Brownells’ general policy to not ship to freight forwarders and Brownells reserves the right to cancel any order going to a freight forwarder without notice to the customer. However, we would be happy to work with you in arranging appropriate delivery to your ultimate destination. For questions please email international@brownells.com.
Brownells Notification Alerts Terms & Conditions - Text BRN TO 556223 to receive ABC Account Notification Alerts. Max 10 msg/month. Reply HELP for help, Reply STOP to cancel. Msg&Data Rates May Apply. Compatible carriers include: Associated Carrier Group (ACG), AT&T, Boost, ClearSky, Google Voice, Interop, Metro PCS, Peerless Network, Sprint, T-Mobile®, Truphone Limited, U.S. Cellular, Verizon Wireless, and Virgin Mobile. Alerts sent via SMS may not be delivered if the mobile phone is not in range of a transmission site, or if sufficient network capacity is not available at a particular time. Even within a coverage area, factors beyond the control of the wireless carrier may interfere with message delivery, including the customer’s equipment, terrain, proximity to buildings, foliage, and weather. The wireless carrier does not guarantee that alerts will be delivered and will not be liable for delayed or undelivered messages. To discontinue receiving SMS messages from Brownells, text STOP to 556223. For additional help, text HELP to 556223 or contact customersupport@brownells.com or call 800-741-0015. Brownells respects your right to privacy. You can view our privacy policy here.
Our current Terms of Use were last updated on March 29, 2019.
Close Chat
Show Chat
Hide Chat
A
A
A
Thank you for contacting our Chat Team! Please visit us again.
If you would like a copy of the chat transcript please click "Send Transcript" below.
Send Transcript
Close
Thank you for contacting Brownells. You’ve reached us after business hours. Live Chat is available 7:30 am to Midnight (U.S. CST) Monday - Friday and 8:00 am to 5:00 pm (U.S. CST) Saturday - Sunday. You may also contact us via email at info@brownells.com.