http://www.zeppastudios.com/the-legal-stuff/
The Legal Stuff
Terms of Use and Privacy Policy
Terms of Use and Privacy PolicyUse of the Zeppa Studios website constitutes agreement to our terms of use. We encourage you to review the following information carefully.
I. TERMS OF USE
TRADEMARKS Fur Children, Zeppa Studios and other marks indicated on our site are trademarks owned exclusively by Zeppa Studios. The use of these trademarks and trade dress is prohibited if used in connection with the sale of any product that is not Zeppa Studios', in any manner that seeks to disparages or discredit Zeppa Studios or in any manner that may cause confusion among our customers.
COPYRIGHT All content on this website is the exclusive property of Zeppa Studios. Said content includes text, graphics, logos, icons, images, audio and video clips, digital downloads, and software. Our content is protected by United States and international copyright laws and we reserve all rights contained therein. In case of dispute or infringement, we will rigorously defend our rights to this material.
PROTECTING YOUR ACCOUNT Some portions of this website permit username and passwords to be used. You are responsible for protecting your unique username and password and you agree to be responsible for all activities performed under your user account.
LICENSE AND SITE ACCESS Zeppa Studios grants you (the user) a limited license to access and make personal use of this website. This license does not include the right to download any material (other than routine page caching), modify any material, or any portion thereof, without the express written consent of Zeppa Studios. This license excludes the download or collection of logos, product descriptions, pricing, text, graphics, audio and video clips, and/or copying account information. This website or any portion of this website may not be reproduced, duplicated, copied, sold, visited, or otherwise exploited for any commercial purpose without express written permission of Zeppa Studios, LLC. You are prohibited from using meta tags or any other hidden text utilizing Zeppa Studios' name or trademarks without the express written consent of Zeppa Studios. Any unauthorized use of this websites voids the limited license granted by Zeppa Studios.
CONTENT SUBMITTED BY SITE USERS If you do post content to this site or otherwise submit material (including, but not limited to, photographs and testimonials), you grant Zeppa Studios and its affiliates a nonexclusive, royalty-free, perpetual, irrevocable right to use, reproduce, modify, adapt, publish, translate, create derivative works from, distribute, and display such content throughout the world in any media. By your submission you represent and warrant that you own or otherwise control all of the rights to the content that you post; that the content is accurate; that use of the content you supply does not violate this policy and will not cause injury to any person or entity; and that you will indemnify Zeppa Studios or its affiliates for all claims resulting from content you supply. Zeppa Studios reserves the right to remove any content at our sole discretion.
LIMITATION OF LIABILITY This site is provided by Zeppa Studios on an "as is" and "as available" basis. Zeppa Studios makes no warranties, either expressed or implied, as to the operation of the site or the content contained therein. You expressly agree that your use of www.zeppastudios.com is at your own risk.
Zeppa Studios cannot warrant that this site, our servers, or email communications affiliated with the use of this website, are free from viruses. Zeppa Studios will not be responsible for any damages of any kind resulting from use of this website, including but not limited to direct, indirect, incidental, punitive, and consequential damages.
REDEMPTION OF FREE PRODUCT AND COUPON OFFERSFrom time to time, Zeppa Studios offers its clients special offers and discount codes to be used in conjunction with this website. These offers are frequently disseminated via this website and through email to those who have registered for our email database. They are sometimes posted on our home page (www.zeppastudios.com) or announced via other means of communication in conjunction with the promotion of the Zeppa Studios' product collection, including radio and TV broadcasts, internet forums and various online websites.
We encourage our clients to redeem these special offers, but we respectfully ask that you not exploit them. Zeppa Studios, at our sole discretion, will determine if all purchasing criteria has been met to qualify for stated discount or free product. If you successfully circumvent the software safeguards of this website in order to receive several free products with your order, then we will (at our sole discretion) remove any extraneous free product from your order or cancel the order in its entirety. You will be informed of any order changes via the phone number or email address listed with your order. Please, play fair…
APPLICABLE LAW By visiting www.zeppastudios.com, you agree that the laws of the state of Virginia, without regard to principles of conflict of laws, will govern these Conditions of Use and any dispute of any sort that might arise between you and Zeppa Studios.
CHANGES IN POLICYZeppa Studios reserves the right to modify, alter, delete and update these policies at any time we see fit. Such alterations do not nullify our rights if infringements or breaches occurred under a pervious version of these conditions.
II. PRIVACY POLICY - EFFECTIVE MAY 25, 2018
Zeppa Studios is committed to protecting your privacy. This Statement of Privacy applies to Zeppa Studios' Web site and governs data collection and usage at all Zeppa Studios sites and services; it does not apply to other online or offline sites, products or services. Zeppa Studios is a general audience web site, intended for users of all ages. Personal information of all users is collected, used and disclosed as described herein.
COLLECTION OF YOUR PERSONAL INFORMATIONAs an E-commerce Web site, Zeppa Studios collects personal information, such as your e-mail address, name, home or work address or telephone number. Information collected by Zeppa Studios is used solely for the purpose of billing and shipping your online purchases and related communications.
We also automatically collect certain information when you visit, use or navigate this site. This information does not reveal your specific identity (like your name or contact information) but may include device and usage information, such as your IP address, browser and device characteristics, operating system, language preferences, referring URLs, device name, country, location, information about how and when you use our Site and other technical information. This information is primarily needed to maintain the security and operation of our Sites, and for our internal analytics and reporting purposes.
Like many businesses, we also collect information through cookies and similar technologies. A cookie is a piece of data stored on a site visitor's hard drive to help us improve your access to our site and identify repeat visitors to our site. Cookies can also enable us to track and target the interests of our users to enhance the experience on our site. Usage of a cookie is in no way linked to any personally identifiable information on our site.
Zeppa Studios may from time to time request information via surveys or contests. Participation in these surveys or contests is completely voluntary and you may choose whether or not to participate and therefore disclose this information. Information requested may include contact information (such as name and shipping address), and demographic information (such as zip code, age level). Contact information will be used to notify the winners and award prizes. Survey information will be used for purposes of monitoring or improving the use and satisfaction of this site.
Zeppa Studios encourages you to review the privacy statements of Web sites you choose to link to from Zeppa Studios so that you can understand how those Web sites collect, use and share your information. We are not responsible for the privacy statements or other content on Web sites outside of the Zeppa Studios Web site.
USE OF YOUR PERSONAL INFORMATIONZeppa Studios and its operational service partners collect and use your personal information to process product orders and deliver the products requested.
Zeppa Studios may also use personal information to for our marketing purposes, if this is in accordance with your marketing preferences. You can opt-out of our marketing emails at any time.
Zeppa Studios may also contact you via surveys to conduct research about your opinion of current services or of potential new services that may be offered.
Zeppa Studios does not sell, rent or lease its customer lists to third parties.
Zeppa Studios may, from time to time, contact you on behalf of external business partners about a particular offering that may be of interest to you. In those cases, your personal information (e-mail, name, address, telephone number) is not transferred to the third party.
We occasionally hire other companies to provide limited services on our behalf, such as handling the processing and delivery of mailings, providing customer support, processing transactions, or performing statistical analysis of our services. We will only provide those companies the personal information they need to deliver the service. They are required to maintain the confidentiality of your information and are prohibited from using that information for any other purpose.
Zeppa Studios does not use or disclose sensitive personal information, such as race, religion, or political affiliations, without your explicit consent.
Zeppa Studios may access and/or disclose your personal information if required to do so by law or in the good faith belief that such action is necessary to: (a) conform to the edicts of the law or comply with legal process served on Zeppa Studios or the site; (b) protect and defend the rights or property of Zeppa Studios, including its Web site; or (c) act under exigent circumstances to protect the personal safety of users of Zeppa Studios or the public.
Personal information collected on this site may be stored and processed in the United States or any other country in which Zeppa Studios or its affiliates, subsidiaries or agents maintain facilities, and by using this site, you consent to any such transfer of information outside of your country. Zeppa Studios abides by the safe harbor framework as set forth by the U.S. Department of Commerce regarding the collection, use, and retention of data from the European Union.
CONTROL OF YOUR PERSONAL INFORMATION Zeppa Studios offers its customers choices for the collection, use and sharing of personal information. You may notify us of your preferences by emailing [mk@zeppastudios.com]. Please be sure to provide complete account information so we can identify you in our records.
You may also stop the delivery of future promotional e-mail from Zeppa Studios by responding directly to any email you receive with a request to remove you from the mailing list.
SECURITY OF YOUR PERSONAL INFORMATION Zeppa Studios is committed to protecting the security of your personal information. We use a variety of security technologies and procedures to help protect your personal information from unauthorized access, use, or disclosure. For example, we store the personal information you provide on computer systems with limited access that are located in controlled facilities. When we transmit highly confidential information (such as a credit card number) over the Internet, we use a secure payment gateway so your information is protected.
YOUR RIGHTS REGARDING YOUR PERSONAL INFORMATIONYou have certain rights under applicable data protection laws. These may include the right (i) to request access and obtain a copy of your personal information, (ii) to request rectification or erasure; (iii) to restrict the processing of your personal information; and (iv) if applicable, to data portability. In certain circumstances, you may also have the right to object to the processing of your personal information. To make such a request, please email mk@zeppastudios.com. We will consider and act upon any request in accordance with applicable data protection laws.
If we are relying on your consent to process your personal information, you have the right to withdraw your consent at any time. Please note however that this will not affect the lawfulness of the processing before its withdrawal.
If you are resident in the European Economic Area and you believe we are unlawfully processing your personal information, you also have the right to complain to your local data protection supervisory authority. You can find their contact details here: http://ec.europa.eu/justice/data-protection/bodies/authorities/index_en.htm
CHANGES TO THE PRIVACY POLICYZeppa Studios will occasionally update this Statement of Privacy to reflect company and customer feedback. If there are material changes to this Statement or in how Zeppa Studios will use your personal information, Zeppa Studios will prominently post such changes prior to implementing the change. Zeppa Studios encourages you to periodically review this Statement to be informed of how Zeppa Studios is protecting your information.
×
OK