https://www.vansgifts.com/information/terms-of-use.asp
[Skip to Content]
(800) 822-7538
Live Chat
Email
MENU
Product Search
Sign In
|
Cart
0
HOME
SIGN IN
Search
Item Search
shop by occasion
anniversary gift baskets
birthday gift baskets
holiday gift baskets
sympathy baskets
thank you gift baskets
shop by category
champagne gift baskets
chocolate & sweets gifts
corporate gift baskets
gift towers
gourmet gift baskets
wine gift baskets
shop by price
under $50
$50 ~ $74.95
$75 ~ $99.95
$100 ~ $150
$150 ~ $200
$200 and up
Social
Facebook
Customer Service
Track Your Order
Frequently Asked Questions
Shipping & Returns
Catalog Request
HomeCustomer ServiceOur Policies  >  Terms of Use
Customer Service
5AM to 10PM PST, 7 days a week
Live Chat This link will open in a new window
Email
(800) 822-7538
Terms of Use
Welcome to vansgifts.com, the Internet site of Van's Gifts®. Your use of vansgifts.com is subject to the following terms and conditions.
Ownership and Use of Site Material
All of the content you see on the Website, including all of the page headers, images, illustrations, graphics and text, are subject to trademark, service mark, trade dress, copyright and/or other intellectual property rights or licenses held by Van's Gifts® or by third parties who have licensed their materials to Van's Gifts®. The content of the Website is intended solely for personal, noncommercial use by the users of the site. You may download, print and store selected portions of the content, provided you (1) only use these copies of the content for your own personal, non-commercial use, (2) do not copy or post the content on any network computer or broadcast the content in any media, and (3) do not modify or alter the content in any way or delete or change any copyright or trademark notice.
Van's Gifts® reserves complete title and full intellectual property rights in any content you download from the Website.
Except as noted above, you may not copy, download, reproduce, modify, publish, distribute, transmit, transfer, or create derivative works from the content without first obtaining written permission from Van's Gifts®
Sales Tax
We will automatically charge and withhold the applicable sales tax for orders to be delivered to addresses within AZ, CA, CT, GA, HI, ID, IL, IN, KS, LA, ME, MD, MI, MN, NE, NJ, NM, NV, NY, NC, ND, OH, PA, SC, TN, TX, VT, WA, WV and WI. Each customer shall be solely responsible for all sales taxes, or other taxes, on orders shipped to any other state. We are obligated to collect Provincial tax at the rate in effect for the jurisdiction to which the products are shipped.
The Sale of Alcoholic Beverages
By using this site to purchase wine you are affirming that you and the person receiving any wine shipment from Van's Gifts® is 21 years or older.
You also agree that any alcohol purchased from Van's Gifts® is intended for personal consumption and not for resale.
If you do not agree with these terms of use please do not use this site to order wine.
If you intentionally or unintentionally misrepresent your or the recipients age in order to provide alcohol to a person under the age of 21, Van's Gifts® will prosecute you to the fullest extent of the law. As well, FedEx cannot leave this package without an adult signature.
Inaccuracy Disclaimer
From time to time there may be information on the Website, in an email to you or in our catalog that contains typographical errors, inaccuracies, or omissions that may relate to product descriptions, pricing, and availability. Van's Gifts® reserves the right to correct any errors, inaccuracies or omissions and to change or update information at any time without prior notice.
Force Majeure
Van's Gifts® shall be excused from performance under this Terms of Use if Van's Gifts® or any licensed third party is prevented, forbidden or delayed from performing or omits to perform any act or requirement under this Terms of Use where such failure is a result of an Act of Nature beyond the control of Van's Gifts®
Colors
We have done our best to display as accurately as possible the colors of the products shown on the Website. However, because the colors you see will depend, in large part, on your monitor, we cannot guarantee that your monitor’s display of any color will be accurate.
Privacy
We respect and make efforts to protect the privacy of all users of our Site.
Your use of vansgifts.com is governed by the Van's Gifts®' Privacy Policy.
FAQ
Ordering Info
Shipping Info
Volume Discounts
Catalog Request
Accessibility
About Us
Privacy Policy
Terms of Use
100% Satisfaction Guaranteed
We guarantee your satisfaction. If you or your recipients are not 100% satisfied, simply let us know and we'll make it right!
Shop with confidence
EMAIL SIGN-UP:
Toll Free: (800) 822-7538 | Email: customerservice@vansgifts.com | Address: PO Box 3330, La Habra, CA 90632
Customer Service |
FAQs |
Site Map |
Ordering Info |
Shipping Info |
Catalog Request |
Online Catalog |
Accessibility |
About Us |
Privacy Policy |
Terms of Use
D16208EC38419F11F93023B520A6813305
©Copyright 2020 Van's Gifts. All Rights Reserved.
This website uses cookies. By using our services, you agree to our use of cookies
More Details