http://www.halperns.ca/home/privacy
Privacy Policy - McCarthy Uniforms - School and Workplace Uniforms
Please note that our retail stores will be closed on October 13 2020 as part of an extended long weekend closure to reward our team with a bonus vacation day for their hard work on the front lines in 2020.
Thanks for understanding and supporting our people-first business ! Our website is open 24/7 so you can continue to place online orders on your school or workplace store !
Free shipping over $79. Click & Collect pickup available for all school uniform orders.
Shop
Search For Your School or Workplace e-store
Visit a Retail or Pop Up Location
Shop Using Our Call Centre
Shop kids essentials on our Navy & White e-store
Learn More
Build a School Uniform Program
Build a Workplace Uniform Program
Build a Team or Spiritwear Program
Raise Funds Through Our Rewards Programs
Inside McCarthy Uniforms
Our History
Our Mission & Values
Our Team
Our Board of Advisors
Our Commitment to Community
Our Commitment to Social Responsibility
Join our Team
What's New
Whats the Buzz?
Account
Students
Order History
Sign Out
Sign in
Message about privacy policy here. Read our Terms and Conditions.
Accept
Privacy Policy
Orders
When you place an order with us, we use a secure order form, which requires you to provide contact, billing, and credit card information. This information is transmitted to your credit card company to authorize your purchase. All information obtained from you in the course of transacting orders is used for the purpose of fulfilling your order in a timely manner and for communicating the status of your order with you. Additionally, upon registering on our site, if you have opted to receive our newsletter, you will begin receiving occasional emails from us unless you opt-out.
We will never share any telephone number(s), e-mail addresses, or credit card information which you have given us with any marketing partner(s) or any unrelated 3rd party. When you buy something from us, we send your credit card information, name, billing address and the amount of your purchase to your credit card company to verify and authorize the purchase. Your name, telephone number and shipping information must be provided to third party shippers such as UPS, Federal Express, Purolator, and Canada Post to deliver your purchase.
Law Enforcement and Protection of User
We will release personally identifiable information to third parties and organizations when we believe it is appropriate for us to do so to comply with the law. We will also do so to cooperate with law enforcement investigations, comply with court orders or subpoenas, protect the legal rights of us and our users, or when we believe it is needed for fraud protection and/ or credit risk reduction.
Cookies
Our webiste use cookies, which are necessary to enhance functionality of the website and provide personalized experience. Cookies consist of portion of code that are intalled in the browser.
Security
We employ the latest 256-bit encryption technology in all areas of the site which require you to provide your personal or account information, including online ordering, order status, catalog request and most contest forms. Your name and your personal information are safely stored in our proprietary systems behind our firewall. We do not store your credit card number information. Once you type your personal information, it is sent instantly, encrypted, directly to our order processing system which is on a server separate from our internet server. To make sure you have the latest security features on your browser, you may want to download the most recent version of your favorite browser, which should have full SSL support.
SSL Data Encryption
Our website is registered with site identification authorities to enable your browser to confirm our security identity before any transmission is sent. With this technology, the identity of our site is automatically confirmed behind the scenes prior to the transmission of any customer information requested to complete an online order, and it ensures that your data reaches your intended target, or your browser will notify you (prior to your sending any personal information) that the potential receiving site looks suspicious and should be avoided. At www.mccarthyuniforms.ca, we utilize industry-standard Secure Sockets Layer (SSL) technology to allow for the encryption of: potentially sensitive information such as your name and address and other critically sensitive information like your credit card number.
Locations
Careers
Join our Team
Whats the Buzz?
Call Center: 416-593-6900 | 1-800-668-8261
Connect with a qualified uniform specialist or customer service.
Privacy Policy
Accessibility
Returns
FAQ
McCarthy Uniforms Inc.