http://www.skipper.co.uk/privacy-policy
Use of cookies on website
We use cookies on our website to allow the shop to function and to enhance your user experience. If you continue without changing your settings, we'll assume that you are happy to receive all cookies on this website.
You can change your cookie settings at any time.
Continue
Skip to navigation
Skip to content
Brown, Son and Ferguson Ltd
Nautical Publishers, Printers and Ships Stationers
Search
Shopping basket
Items: 0 items | Total: £0.00
Privacy policy
Last updated: 31st Mar 2020 3:48pm BST.
If you have specific queries on our privacy policy, please contact us.
Information collection and usage
Brown, Son and Ferguson Ltd collects personal information when you place an order, or contact us through our website.
We are committed to protecting your privacy while shopping online with Brown, Son and Ferguson Ltd. We will use the information that you provide us lawfully.
The information collected during the online ordering process is collected by Brown, Son and Ferguson Ltd and includes:
Name
Address
Phone number
Email address
Credit/debit card details
This information collected during the ordering process, is used to process our order and to contact you if there are any problems with your order. The information is collected lawfully and in accordance with the Data Protection Act 1998. We do not store any information you send us via e-mails.
We do not send out marketing material by e-mail, fax or post, unless specifically requested by yourself.
Your personal details will be held securely in accordance with our internal security policy.
Information disclosure and sharing
Brown, Son and Ferguson Ltd does not rent, sell, or share personal information about you with other people or non-affiliated companies except to provide products or services you've requested, when we have your permission, or when legally required to do so.
Information security
Confidential emails sent to Brown, Son and Ferguson Ltd which are not encrypted may be subject to a possible security risk over the internet for which Brown, Son and Ferguson Ltd takes no responsibility.
Please DO NOT send us credit card information via email.
All personal information sent to Brown, Son and Ferguson Ltd via this website is encrypted using 128-bit SSL technology.
Accessing and updating personal information
You have the right to request a copy of the personal details that Brown, Son and Ferguson Ltd holds about you and to have any alterations or inaccuracies amended. Please contact us to obtain this information.
Cookies
The Brown, Son and Ferguson Ltd site uses cookies. Cookies are files containing information about visitors to a web site (e.g. user name and preferences). This information is stored by your browser on your computers hard drive. This information is provided by the user during the first visit to a web site server. When you access the same web site again the server looks for the cookie and configures itself based on the information provided.
Cookie name
Cookie function
cookieConsent
We use this cookie so that we don't display the cookie consent message after you have read it.
PHPSESSID
This cookie is used to identify your browsing session with us and to provide essential shopping functionality of the website.
__utma, __utmz
These cookies are not placed directly by us, but by Google Analytics. Google Analytics is an anonymous statistics gathering application we use to gather general information about our users such as web browsers used so that we know which browsers to focus our development efforts on to ensure you can view our site properly.
Links to third parties
This website may have links to third party websites. We cannot accept any responsibility for the content of such links which do not necessarily represent the views or opinions of Brown, Son and Ferguson Ltd.
Changes to this privacy policy
Brown, Son and Ferguson Ltd may amend this policy from time to time. We will post any privacy policy changes on this page.
Questions or suggestions
If you have questions or suggestions, please contact us.
Home
Shopping basket
Catalogue
Books
Navigation & Seamanship (32)
Rules of the Road (5)
Ships Construction (2)
Oil Transport (2)
Ships Business (1)
Signalling (3)
Bridge & Chartroom (1)
Astronomy (5)
Books for Working Ship (10)
Knotting & Splicing (11)
Dredging (0)
General (6)
James Munro & Co. Publications (4)
Yachting & Motor Boating (0)
Other Publications (0)
Nautical Publications (4)
Story of the Sea - Non Technical (60)
Out of Print (53)
Out of Print - Annuals (0)
Drawings & Plans
Drawings of Alistair Macfarlane (169)
Working plans for Scaled Ship Models - Power Craft List (110)
Working plans for Scaled Ship Models - Sailing Ship List (253)
Sailing Ship Plans - Historical Interest (10)
Pictures
Nautical Pictures (25)
Stationery
Ships Stationery (38)
About
The Basil Lubbock People
Glasgow and The Clyde
Contact us
Contact us
Privacy policy
Terms & Conditions
Scottish Plays website
Copyright © 2010 Brown, Son and Ferguson Ltd