http://www.pocketwatchrepair.com/privacy.html
Home
Our Services
Repair Services
How to Get an Estimate
Our Guarantee
Pay for a Repair
Brands We Service
Brands We Do Not Service
We Buy Watches
FAQs
Watch Repair
Watch Operation
Watch Value
Buying & Selling
How To
Watch Information
US Company Histories
Introduction
Watch Companies
American Waltham
Ball
Boston
Burlington
Columbus
Dudley
Elgin
Fredonia
L. Goddard
Gruen
Hamilton
Hampden
E. Howard
Howard (Keystone)
Ingersoll
Illinois
Keystone Standard
Knickerbocker
New York Standard
Pitkin
Rockford
Sears-Roebuck
Seth Thomas
South Bend
Trenton
US Watch – Marion
US Watch – Waltham
Waltham
Waltham Photos
Westclox
US Case Companies
Dollar Watches
US Watch Production
Swiss Company Histories
Bulova
Longines
Omega
Patek Philippe
Rolex
Vacheron Constantin
Swiss Elgin
Historical Watches
Earhart Watch
Lincoln Watch
Mark Twain Watch
The Railroad Watch
Railroad-Marked Watches
Swiss-Fakes
Watch Glossary
Watch Books
Horology Links
About Us
Contact Us
Customer Comments
For Sale
Watch Accessories
SUC Crystals
Our Privacy Policy
We know that your relationship with us is based on trust, and we take your information privacy seriously. This privacy policy outlines the types of
personal information we collect and how it is used.
Log
Files
We may automatically collect information about the pages you visit, the browser you use, and the time you spend on our web site. This may include information about your geographic location, your IP address, and the search terms you used to find us. We use this information to improve our web site and our competitive performance. No personal information is collected as part of this automatic process.
Any information collected by Renaissance Watch Repair is used exclusively
to improve our web site and our services. We will never sell your email address or give your information to a third party.
Payment Processing
If you shop on our site, or pay for a repair using our secure payment page, your sensitive information is protected with multiple layers of data security, including industry-standard SSL encryption technology to ensure the secure transmission of data between our servers and your web browser. We do not retain any sensitive information (e.g. credit card numbers) on our servers once a transaction has been completed.
Cookies
We may use "cookies" to store
information about visitor preferences, record user-specific information on
which pages the user visits, or customize web page content based on
visitors browser type or other information that the visitor sends via their
browser. No personal information is collected.
If you wish to disable cookies, you may do so through your
individual browser options. More detailed information about cookie management
with specific web browsers can be found at the browsers' respective web sites.
Third-party Advertising
We may also use third-party advertising companies to display ads when you visit our
web site. These companies may use information (not including your name, address,
email address, or telephone number) about your visits to this and other web sites
in order to serve ads about goods and services which may be of interest to you.
If you would like more information about this practice and to know your choices
about not having this information used by these companies, click here.
You should consult the
respective privacy policies of these third-party ad providers for more detailed
information on their practices as well as for instructions about how to opt-out
of certain practices. Pocketwatchrepair.com's privacy policy does not
apply to, and we do not control the activities of, third-party
advertisers or web
sites.
More Information
If you
require any more information or have any questions about our privacy policy,
please feel free to contact us.
Back to Top
Home
Repair Services
How to Get an Estimate
Company Histories
Pocketwatch 101™
Contact Us
Privacy Policy
Site Copyright: D. Stuart, Renaissance Watch Repair © 2002 - 2018.
PocketwatchRepair.com, Pocketwatch 101™, ElginWatchRepair.com, HamiltonWatchRepair.com,
IllinoisWatchRepair.com, WalthamWatchRepair.com are registered trademarks.
Web Design: Image Renaissance Digital Media.