http://www.gistsilversmiths.com/policies
Proudly Made in the USA
Home
Store
More
All Products
-TROPHY BUCKLES-
Champions Minted Collection
Classic Minted Collection
Artisan Collection
Masters Collection
Volume Awards
-ASSOCIATION PRODUCTS-
APHA
Color Breed Congress
NBHA
NCHA
NHSRA
NHSRA-JHD
NRCHA
PHBA
PtHA
-OTHER PRODUCTS-
Corporate Recognition & Commemoratives
Made-To-Order Minted Collection
Ranger Buckle Sets
Other Awards and Accessories
News
About Us
Customer Service
Contact Us
Securities & Returns Policy
SECURITY & RETURNS
POLICY GO TO PRIVACY POLICY
We are very confident our buckles and jewelry will meet and surpass your expectations. However, if you are not completely satisfied for any reason, you may return your order within 30 days from the date of shipment for a full refund or exchange.
Returning Your Order
Please follow these steps to return or exchange your item(s):
1. If you experience problems with one of our products, or we made a mistake fulfilling your order, please contact us at 1 (530) 644-8000 and request to talk to a sales associate about a return. We will then email you a return label, or issue a UPS call tag that you will use to return the product / products to us.
2. Send your item(s) with original packing materials, return form, and original invoice to us by an insured carrier and retain the tracking number for your records. We are not responsible for items lost or damaged while shipping. Please do not write "jewelry" or any other jewelry-related words on the outside of the package.
Send your package to:
Gist Inc., 4385 Pleasant Valley Road, Placerville, CA 95667
3. After we receive your package, our Quality Assurance Department will verify the condition & authenticity of the returned item(s).
4. A refund or customer credit (for exchanges) will be issued within 7 business days. All refunds will be issued in the original form of payment. Please allow one monthly billing cycle for the credit to appear on your credit card statement.
Returns and Exchanges are subject to the following restrictions:
• The original Invoice and a Return Authorization Code must accompany the returned item.
• The item must be returned in its original condition, unworn and unaltered in any way.
• Shipping charges are not refundable.
• Items that have been worn and damaged due to client negligence cannot be returned.
• Special orders and engraved items are not returnable. If there was an error made on our part, we will happily exchange your order.
Out of Stock Items:
We make every effort to ship your order in a timely manner, but occasionally an item is temporarily out of stock.
An email will be sent regarding when the item will be re-stocked for shipment and the customer has the option to request a return/credit for the out-of-stock item.
All items are subject to availability of materials.
Prices are subject to change without notice.
Product Warranty Policy:
The quality and craftsmanship of a Gist Silversmiths product speaks for itself. Gist Silversmiths will warranty materials and workmanship at the discretion of the manufacturer. If it has been determined that the product has been misused or abused by neglect, Gist Silversmiths reserves the right to void any warranty.
Please refer to product cleaning instructions as related to material composition on our Product Care page. Use of inappropriate cleaning substances will void the warranty.
Cuff Bracelets are not made to withstand excessive bending and manipulation to resize.
Slight adjustments can be made to seek an adequate opening to “roll” the cuff on and off of your wrist, but the materials are not durable enough to withstand continual adjustments.
Money Clips are not hinged and therefore will not withstand excessive bending.
Gist Silversmiths will NOT warranty products due to rust or corrosion. Bits and spurs WILL rust if not properly cared for and it is the consumer’s responsibility to store them clean and dry. Applying wax or oil to a clean surface and joints will insure the continued proper working of all moving pieces.
The equine sport can be a hazardous activity that may subject the participant to severe injury or death. Bits and spurs sold by Gist Silversmiths are not warranted or guaranteed for any specific strength, application or usability. Responsibility for the decision to use any product offered for sale by Gist Silversmiths rests solely on the user. Having no control over the use or the misuse of the above mentioned products, Gist Silversmiths assume no liability or responsibility connected to any damage, injury, death or expense of any kind arising out of the use, or inability to use, any of the products offered for sale or made by Gist Silversmiths.
Security:
We are committed to ensuring that your information is secure. In order to prevent unauthorized access or disclosure we have put in place suitable physical, electronic and managerial procedures to safeguard and secure the information we collect online.
We use SSL (Secure Socket Layer) security for all online transactions involving our client's sensitive information.
SSL (Secure Sockets Layer) is the standard security technology for establishing an encrypted link between a web server and a browser. This link ensures that all data passed between the web server and browsers remain private and integral. SSL is an industry standard and is used by millions of websites in the protection of their online transactions with their customers.
Safe Purchases Over The Phone:
If you would prefer complete your Ready To Wear purchase over the phone, please contact Gist Silversmiths at 1-800-456-4478 in the continental U.S. or 530-644-8000 for International orders, and we would be happy to answer any questions you may have, and process your credit card order. Our office hours are Monday - Friday, 7:30a.m. - 4:30p.m. PST.
PRIVACY
POLICY
At Gist Silversmiths, we respect our customers and understand that you are concerned about privacy, so we've instituted policies intended to ensure that your personal information is handled safely and responsibly. We also have posted this privacy policy to let you know what kind of information we collect, how it is handled, with whom it may be shared, what choices you have regarding our use of your information and how you may access some of the data you provide to us.
What Information Do We Collect?
We collect various types of information depending upon how you use our site. We gather this information through email requests, responses to surveys, entries to sweepstakes/contests or other solicitations.
• When you order from us, we collect your name, address, e-mail address, phone number and credit card number (with expiration date). We also gather information on the person who will receive any gift you send (e.g., that person's name and address) and retain a record of your purchases.
• When you request to be on our mailing list (for e-mail or regular mail), we collect your name, address, e-mail address and phone number.
• When you respond to a survey, or enter a sweepstakes or a contest on-line, we usually collect your name, address, e-mail address and phone number. We also may ask you for additional information, such as your age, interests, product preferences or zip code.
• When you submit a question to customer service, we need your e-mail address to respond, and you also may provide us with various types of information to allow us to answer your question.
Cookies
A cookie is a small piece of information sent by a website that is saved on your hard disk by your computer's browser. It holds information a site may need to interact with you and personalize your experience. At Gist Silversmiths, we use two kinds of cookies, session cookies and persistent cookies.
Session cookies exist only for as long as your browser remains open. Once you exit your browser, they go away. We use session cookies to maintain information we need to have in order for you to shop at Gist Silversmiths. For example, the Session_ID cookie that we ask your browser to hold retains the ID for your shopping bag. Without the Session_ID cookie, you cannot add merchandise to your bag or make any purchases.
Persistent cookies, in contrast, last from visit to visit; they do not go away when you exit your browser. You can browse our site without accepting a persistent cookie. However, you cannot add merchandise to your bag or make any purchases. You may set your browser options to reject persistent cookies. Alternatively, you can set your browser to notify you when you receive a cookie, which provides you with the opportunity to decide whether you want to accept it or not. In many instances, the "help" button on your browser tool bar will tell you how you can take these steps.
How Is The Information Used?
We may use your information in a number of ways, including the following:
• To improve the content on our website. For example, we may use cookies to find out which parts of our site or our products are visited most often.
• For marketing and promotional purposes. We send out e-mails and direct mail or catalogs to our customers about products or events that we think may be of interest to them. We also may send you special promotions, new arrivals or new site features.
Is The Information Shared?
The information gathered may be shared with third parties with which we have a relationship. We may share your personal information with outside companies that perform services for us. For example, we may retain an outside company to manage a database containing certain customer information or to create and distribute an e-mail offering. In those situations, the outside party is performing work for us, and Gist Silversmiths takes appropriate steps designed to ensure your information is used only to provide the services requested by us, and not for other purposes.
Additionally, we may share account or other information when we believe it is necessary to comply with the law or to protect our interests or property. This may include sharing information with other companies, lawyers or government agencies in connection with issues related to fraud or government subpoenas and warrants.
Is My Information Secure?
At Gist Silversmiths, we are committed to providing our customers with a secure shopping environment. We maintain practices and procedures designed to ensure the security, integrity and confidentiality of customer information, and use various security measures to ensure that your credit card information is protected, including the latest in security technology. When you place an order through our shopping basket, your personal information is protected by Secure Socket Layer (SSL) encryption technology, the industry standard security protocol for encoding sensitive information. SSL creates a shared digital key, which only lets the sender and the receiver of the transmission scramble or unscramble information. To everyone else, the SSL transmission is indecipherable.
Encryption is based on the mathematical scrambling and unscrambling of messages. The type of encryption we use assigns two keys - one is a public key and one is a private key. When you send us a message, you use our public key to encrypt your message. Once we receive your encrypted message, we use the private key to decode it. The same key cannot both encrypt and decrypt information. So, information encrypted using the private key can only be decrypted using the public key, and vice versa- ensuring the security of your information.
This technology, together with our other security measures, protects your personal information as it moves from your computer to our server. We also restrict and limit access to customer information only to those employees who require it to carry out their business functions, and educate our employees about safeguarding customer information and preventing its unauthorized access, disclosure, or use. We constantly monitor and adopt, as appropriate, new technological improvements designed to protect and ensure the accuracy and security of customer information.
Links to Other Web Sites
This site may contain links to third part web sites.
They are provided only as a convenience; Gist Silversmiths does not control and is not responsible for these sites or their content.
Tell a Friend
When using this feature the information gathered will only be used for this purpose, unless permission is otherwise granted.
Opt-Out
Our customers are given the opportunity to opt-out of having their information used for purposes not directly related to their transaction at the point where we ask for the information. Customers who no longer wish to receive communications may opt-out.
-
Your confidence in the Gist Silversmiths shopping experience is our highest priority. If you have any concerns about privacy and security that have not been answered in the above policy, please contact us and we'll do our best to answer your questions and put your mind at ease.
As we continue to grow and take advantage of technologies to improve the services we provide, this policy will change. We encourage you to refer to this policy on an ongoing basis so that you understand our current privacy policy. This policy was last updated on April 27, 2010.
Menu
Home
All Products
Store
News
About Us
Quick Links
Contact Us
History
Partner Links
Trade Shows
Employment Opportunities
Customer Service
Catalog Hub
Frequently Asked Questions
Product Care
Securities & Returns Policy
Site Map
General Info
BUSINESS HOURS:M-F 7AM - 4:30PM (PST)PHONE:
(530) 644-8000FAX:
(530) 644-8067EMAIL:
info@gistsilversmiths.comADDRESS:4385 Pleasant Valley RdPlacerville, CA, USA
95667Due to Covid-19 protocols, please call for an appointment before stopping by.
©
Copyright
Gist, Inc. All Rights Reserved • Prices Subject to Change Without Notice
Share by: