http://www.giftcertificates.ca/terms/
Skip to main content
Holiday Shipping Deadlines 2020:  FedEx - Dec 17  |  Canada Post - Dec 9
COVID-19 or weather conditions may cause additional unforeseen delays. If you miss these deadlines or just want to play it safe, you can still order an email GIFTPASS or e-gift card!
Terms of Use
All products and services of Givex Canada Corp. (“Givex”) and its affiliates and subsidiaries are subject to the terms and conditions of the applicable agreements governing their purchase and use.
The Terms of Use (the “Terms”) are to be read by you together with any terms, conditions, or disclaimers provided in the pages of the giftcertificates.ca website (the “Site”). In the event of any conflict, the terms provided in the pages of the Site will govern.
The information, material and content provided in the pages of the Site (the "Information") may be changed at any time without notice. Changes may be made to the Terms at any time without notice by updating this posting. You may determine when this policy was last updated by referring to the modification date found at the bottom of this Privacy Policy.
You agree to review the Terms regularly and your continued access or use of the Site will mean that you agree to any changes.
Internet E-mail
Any unprotected E-Mail communication over the Internet is, as with communication via any other medium (e.g., cellular phones, post office mail), not confidential, subject to possible interception or loss, and is also subject to possible alteration. We do not encourage anyone to send personal information. Givex is not responsible for and will not be liable to you or anyone else for any damages or losses in connection with an E-Mail sent by you to Givex or an E-Mail sent by Givex to you at your request.
No Endorsements
No endorsement or approval of any third parties or their advice, opinions, information, products or services is expressed or implied by any Information.
Links/Software
Links from or to websites outside the Site are meant for convenience only. Givex does not review, endorse, approve, or control, and is not responsible for any sites linked from or to the Site, the content of those sites, the third parties named therein, or their products and services. Linking to any other site is at your sole risk and Givex, its parent, affiliates and subsidiaries will not be responsible or liable for any damages or losses in connection with linking. Links to downloadable software sites are for convenience only and Givex, its parent, affiliates and subsidiaries are not responsible or liable for any difficulties or consequences associated with downloading the software. Use of any downloaded software is governed by the terms of the license agreement, if any, which accompanies or is provided with the software.
Before Givex is able to provide you with any information or correct any inaccuracies, however, we may ask you to verify your identity and to provide other details to help us to respond to your request. We will endeavour to respond within an appropriate timeframe.
Privacy
Please read the Privacy Policy for information about Givex's collection and use of any personal information that we may collect from you on the Site.
General
The Terms are governed and will be interpreted pursuant to the laws of the Province of Ontario and the laws of Canada applicable therein, without regard to the choice or conflicts of law provisions of any jurisdiction, and any disputes, actions, claims or causes of action arising out of or in connection with the Terms will be subject to the exclusive jurisdiction of the courts in the Province of Ontario.
Questions
You may contact Givex about the Terms at:
Attention: President
Givex Canada Corp.,
134 Peter Street,
Suite 1400,
Toronto, Ontario,
M5V 2H2
LAST UPDATED: August 15, 2019