http://www.ashdesign.com/privacy.htm
Home
About us
Renovations
New-builds
For sale
Blog
Contact
Privacy PolicyThis privacy policy is for the website; www.ashdesign.com and operated by Ash Design (Rutland) Ltd. Ash Design (Rutland) Ltd's registered office is Ninham House, 14 West Road, Oakham, Rutland, LE15 6LU.
Within this privacy policy it explains what information we collect, how we protect any information you submit across to us, and how we use it.
We may change this policy from time to time by updating this page. Therefore, we suggest you check this back on this page regularly to ensure you are aware of any amendments.
Personal Information Collection and Use
We may collect personal information from you in the following ways:
Information about your computer and about your visits to and use of this website (these are information about your browser and your IP address). This information will also be collected through cookies. View more information about the above on our Cookies page.
Cookies and Log Files
Our website may from time to time use cookies and log files for statistical analysis, to understand user behaviour, to administer the site, to tailor the information presented to a user based on their preferences, and to improve user experience.  Any information gathered by our use of cookies is compiled on an aggregate, anonymous basis.
Our systems automatically gather some anonymous information about visitors, including IP addresses, browser type, language, and the times and dates of webpage visits. The data collected does not include personally information and is used, as described above, for statistical analysis and to understand user behaviour, and to administer the site.
Links to other websites
Our website may contain links to other websites of interest. Once you have clicked on a link to another website, we cannot be responsible for the protection or privacy of any information that you provide to the visiting site, to be secure please check on the visitor's privacy policy to see what information they will store on you.
Privacy
Copyright AshDesign 2019