http://www.outside.co.uk/terms-and-conditions/
Terms and Conditions
JavaScript seems to be disabled in your browser.
You must have JavaScript enabled in your browser to utilize the functionality of this website.
Menu
Search
My Account
Basket
0
Recently added item(s)
×
You have no items in your shopping cart.
Search:
Search
GBP
Change
Albanian Lek
Argentine Peso
Armenian Dram
Australian Dollar
Brazilian Real
British Pound
Bulgarian Lev
Canadian Dollar
Chilean Peso
Chinese Yuan
Croatian Kuna
Czech Republic Koruna
Danish Krone
Euro
Falkland Islands Pound
Gibraltar Pound
Hong Kong Dollar
Hungarian Forint
Icelandic Króna
Indian Rupee
Indonesian Rupiah
Iranian Rial
Israeli New Shekel
Japanese Yen
Latvian Lats
Lithuanian Litas
Macedonian Denar
Mexican Peso
Moldovan Leu
Moroccan Dirham
New Taiwan Dollar
New Zealand Dollar
Norwegian Krone
Philippine Peso
Polish Zloty
Romanian Leu
Russian Rouble
Serbian Dinar
Singapore Dollar
South African Rand
South Korean Won
Sri Lankan Rupee
Swedish Krona
Swiss Franc
Thai Baht
Turkish Lira
US Dollar
Ukrainian Hryvnia
United Arab Emirates Dirham
My Account
My Wishlist
Register
News and Reviews
Log In
Home
/
Terms and Conditions
Terms and Conditions
Use of the website Website disclaimer Copyright notice Privacy Policy Cookies Purchase of products Rights to Cancel Sale of Knives and Axes  Description of products Returns
Use of the website
Welcome to our website. If you continue to browse and use this website you are agreeing to comply with and be bound by the following terms and conditions of use, which together with our privacy policy, govern Outside's relationship with you in relation to this website.
The term 'Outside' or 'us' or 'we' refers to the owner of the website whose registered office is Main Road, Hathersage, S32 1BB. Our company registration number is 6142911. The term 'you' refers to the user or viewer of our website.
The use of this website is subject to the following terms of use:
The content of the pages of this website is for your general information and use only. It is subject to change without notice.
Neither we nor any third parties provide any warranty or guarantee as to the accuracy, timeliness, performance, completeness or suitability of the information and materials found or offered on this website for any particular purpose. You acknowledge that such information and materials may contain inaccuracies or errors and we expressly exclude liability for any such inaccuracies or errors to the fullest extent permitted by law.
Your use of any information or materials on this website is entirely at your own risk, for which we shall not be liable. It shall be your own responsibility to ensure that any products, services or information available through this website meet your specific requirements.
This website contains material which is owned by or licensed to us. This material includes, but is not limited to, the design, layout, look, appearance and graphics. Reproduction is prohibited other than in accordance with the copyright notice, which forms part of these terms and conditions.
All trademarks reproduced in this website, which are not the property of, or licensed to the operator, are acknowledged on the website.
Unauthorised use of this website may give rise to a claim for damages and/or be a criminal offence.
This website also include links to other websites. These links are provided for your convenience to provide further information. They do not signify that we endorse the website(s). We have no responsibility for the content of the linked website(s).
Your use of this website and any dispute arising out of such use of the website is subject to the laws of England, Scotland and Wales.
Website disclaimer
The information contained in this website is for general information purposes only. The information is provided by Outside and while we endeavour to keep the information up to date and correct, we make no representations or warranties of any kind, express or implied, about the completeness, accuracy, reliability, suitability or availability with respect to the website or the information, products, services, or related graphics contained on the website for any purpose. Any reliance you place on such information is therefore strictly at your own risk. Please note that the website shows stock available across the company and products may not be available at all times.
In no event will we be liable for any loss or damage including without limitation, indirect or consequential loss or damage, or any loss or damage whatsoever arising from loss of data or profits arising out of, or in connection with, the use of this website.
Through this website you are able to link to other websites which are not under the control of Outside. We have no control over the nature, content and availability of those sites. The inclusion of any links does not necessarily imply a recommendation or endorse the views expressed within them. Every effort is made to keep the website up and running smoothly. However, Outside takes no responsibility for, and will not be liable for, the website being temporarily unavailable due to technical issues beyond our control.
Copyright notice
This website and its content is copyright of Outside Ltd. All rights reserved.
Any redistribution or reproduction of part or all of the contents in any form is prohibited other than the following:
you may print or download to a local hard disk extracts for your personal and non-commercial use only.
you may copy the content to individual third parties for their personal use, but only if you acknowledge the website as the source of the material.
You may not, except with our express written permission, distribute or commercially exploit the content. Nor may you transmit it or store it in any other website or other form of electronic retrieval system.
Privacy Policy
Your data, and how we handle it
We’ve always taken your privacy seriously at Outside, and this page explains in more detail what we do with any information about you which we collect, how, where and why we store it, and how you can view or delete it.
So, let’s start with the basics.
Who are we?
Outside Ltd is an independent, family owned outdoor retailer, with one bricks and mortar store in the Peak District and one website. You'll find all our contact details here.
Why do we collect your data?
We don’t collect huge amounts of personal data, and we only use what we do collect for the following specific purposes:
to process and deliver your online order
to fulfil our contract with you (e.g. warranty repairs)
to send marketing emails to those of you who opt to receive them
What do we collect, and how do we use it?
Personal information
When you place an order on our website, we collect your names, address, an email address and a telephone number. For your security, we’ll also keep an encrypted record of your Outside account login password.
This information will only ever be used in the context of fulfilling your orders with Outside.co.uk, unless you opt into our marketing list. In that case, we’ll use your name and email address to send you news and offers we think you’ll like. We never have and never will sell this data on to anyone else.
Anonymised information
Every time you visit our website your IP (Internet Protocol) address registers on our servers. This data can’t be used to identify you, but we do use it to help us monitor traffic on our website, or (in case of criminal activity or misuse of our information) to cooperate with law enforcement.
We use Google Analytics to collect information about visitor behaviour on our website. Google Analytics stores information about what pages you visit, how long you are on the site, how you got here and what you click on.
This Analytics data is collected via a JavaScript tag in the pages of our site and is not tied to personally identifiable information. We do not use Google Analytics to collect or store your personal information (e.g. your name or address) so this information cannot be used to identify who you are.
We have implemented Google Analytics Demographics and Interest Reporting to develop our site and adapt our content to our users’ needs. You can opt-out of Google Analytics data collection by installing the opt out Browser Add-on.
Where is your data stored?
We store your personal contact data on an external server, which is operated by a third-party hosting company based in the UK, who comply with all the latest security and privacy procedures.
Who do we share your data with?
Our contract with you
We share your contact details with some third party service providers so that we can complete your orders. All these companies are compliant with the latest EU GDPR data protection legislation.
For example, we use Sage Pay to check and process your card details, and we share your address with our couriers so they can deliver your order.
Marketing data
If you have opted in to our marketing list, we will share your name and email address with a marketing email provider, Mailchimp.com. They help us create better emails, which we hope will be of more interest to you. You must opt in to be added to this list, and you can unsubscribe or change your email preferences at any time by following the links provided in all our emails.
From time to time, we may offer competition prizes or partner with outdoor brands to do so. Participants will be required to share their names, email addresses and gender to enter, and this data is collected by a third party provider and added to our marketing lists (unless you have previously unsubscribed from our list). In some cases, it may also be shared with our competition partner, but this will be specified in the competition rules. Again, any email you receive will contain a link allowing you to unsubscribe.
Sharing anonymous information
We may from time to time share anonymised IP information with a third party company for targeted advertising purposes. A cookie placed on your browser will identify your activity on our site and use that information to advertise more relevant products to you.
Cookies are currently set by Twitter, Facebook and Youtube and Adroll. In order to connect them with relevant social networks and external sites, they use scripts from domains outside our website. You should be aware that these sites are likely to be collecting information about what you are doing all around the internet, including on this website.
We do appreciate that not everyone finds this type of advertising useful. If you decide you’d like to opt out of this process you can do so by clicking on the blue icon that appears in the corner of the ad, or by following this link http://www.youronlinechoices.com/. In the case of social media sites such as Facebook, you can set your own privacy rules from within your account.
You can find out more about cookies and how to manage them at www.allaboutcookies.org.
How long do we keep your information?
If we don’t hear from you for over five years after you’ve made a purchase, we’ll remove your contact details from our database. It’s not that we don’t want you back, it’s just good housekeeping. If you make another purchase after this time, you will need to create a new account.
By the same token, if you don’t interact with any of our emails for a while, we’ll send you a gentle nudge and then, if you don’t choose to reply, we’ll delete you from our marketing list. You’re very welcome to join us again at any time.
If you have chosen to unsubscribe from our marketing lists, we can’t reinstate your email address; you can do that yourself either from your Outside account, or our sign up form here.
How can I access my information?
You are welcome to view, update or remove your data at any time. If you would like to amend your contact details on our sales database you can do so by signing into your account. If you’d like your details deleted, just drop us a line at sales@outside.co.uk and we’ll do that for you within a fortnight.
If you would like to update your preferences on our email database, you can do so here.
Outside may change this policy from time to time by updating this page. You should check this page occasionally to ensure that you are happy with any changes. This policy is effective from 17/05/2018.
Security
We are committed to ensuring that your information is secure. In order to prevent unauthorised access or disclosure, we have put in place suitable physical, electronic and managerial procedures to safeguard and secure the information we collect online.
How we use cookies
A cookie is a small file which asks permission to be placed on your computer's hard drive. Once you agree, the file is added and the cookie helps analyse web traffic or lets you know when you visit a particular site. Cookies allow web applications to respond to you as an individual. The web application can tailor its operations to your needs, likes and dislikes by gathering and remembering information about your preferences.
We use traffic log cookies to identify which pages are being used. This helps us analyse data about web page traffic and improve our website in order to tailor it to customer needs. We only use this information for statistical analysis purposes.
Overall, cookies help us provide you with a better website, by enabling us to monitor which pages you find useful and which you do not. A cookie in no way gives us access to your computer or any information about you, other than the data you choose to share with us.
You can choose to accept or decline cookies. Most web browsers automatically accept cookies, but you can usually modify your browser setting to decline cookies if you prefer. This may prevent you from taking full advantage of the website.
Purchase of products
The steps required to create a contract between you and us are:
You place an order for your products on the website by choosing "I agree to the terms and conditions" and pressing the "next" button at the end of the checkout process. You will then enter your payment details in series of simple steps on the website.
We will send to you an order acknowledgement email once your order request has been received. This will detail the products you have ordered. This is not an order confirmation or order acceptance from Outside.
We will send you a despatch confirmation email when your product is shipped from our warehouse.
Order acceptance and the completion of the contract between you and us will take place on the despatch of your products unless we have notified you that we do not accept your order, or you have cancelled it in accordance with the instructions to cancel an order.
We may not be able to accept your order due to one of the following:
The product you ordered being unavailable from stock.
The inability to obtain authorisation for your payment.
The identification of a pricing, product description or image error.
You being ineligible to order due to the Terms & Conditions agreed with our suppliers (for instance, due to your location).
Occasionally products may entitle you to a free or discounted promotional item. If you choose to return the originally purchased item for a refund, you must also return the promotional item. If the promotional item is not returned, you will be charged for the MSRP of this item. Any charge made will be deducted from your refund for the originally purchased item.
Rights to Cancel
You are entitled to cancel this contract if you wish to do so provided that you exercise your right no longer than 14 days after the day after the day on which you receive the goods. Notification to cancel this contract must be made by phone call or if you wish to exercise your right to cancel this contract AFTER your order has already been despatched please follow the procedures set out in our returns procedure.
It is the buyer’s responsibility to arrange and pay for the return of goods to us, unless the goods are found to be faulty, not of satisfactory quality, or do not meet the description given. The buyer must return the goods within 14 days of notifying Outside of cancelling the contract.
If a more expensive delivery option than standard was chosen we will refund only the cost of our standard delivery option not the full outbound delivery cost.
You must include the original packaging and product labels. We reserve the right to reduce the amount of money refunded for goods returned which show evidence of use beyond the handling necessary to see whether the goods are as expected.
Please note that your right to cancel does NOT apply to products which fall into the following categories unless they are found to be faulty, not of satisfactory quality, or do not meet the description given:
Bespoke and customised goods.
Goods which will deteriorate or expire rapidly (for example food).
Magazines.
Goods received sealed for health protection or hygiene reasons once unsealed.
Sealed audio, video and software products once unsealed.
VAT
All prices stated are inclusive of VAT where applicable.
All orders will incur VAT* at 20% if applicable unless the order has come from within the EC and the customer is VAT registered and has supplied a VAT number. *Except Jersey, Guernsey, Alderney & Sark which are VAT Exempt and all orders from outside the EC.
Sale of Knives and Axes
Under the Offensive Weapons Act it is an offence to sell knives or any other product that may be perceived as an offensive weapon to persons under the age of 18. Customers must be over 18 and must not order these items for persons under 18. To purchase any item that can be classified as an offensive weapon by the Offensive Weapons Act you must use a credit card to show you are over 18.
Description of products
We will take all reasonable care to ensure that all details, descriptions and prices of products appearing on the website are correct at the time the information was entered onto the system. Although we aim to keep the website as up to date as possible, the information including product descriptions, images and prices appearing on this website at a particular time may not always reflect the exact stock the moment you place an order. We cannot confirm the price of products until your order is accepted in accordance with our order acceptance policy.
Returns
If you are registered with Outside, you can login to
your account to fill in the online returns form and obtain a returns number.
Here at Outside we want you to be completely satisfied every time you use our site. Despite this we realise you may occasionally want to return items to us. If you change your mind about a purchase you can return any goods* within a period of 28 days from the date on which the goods are delivered, for either an exchange or refund.
How to return an item
To return an item to us please login to your account and choose 'Return' for the relevant order.
Items which are available to return will be shown on a drop down menu.
Please fill in the form for each item – if you are returning more than one item from the same order you can add an extra item to the return.
If you did not register an account with Outside, please include your Order Number in the parcel and send us an email at sales@outside.co.uk to let us know to expect your return. Please include your order number in the email.
How to ask for an exchange
If you would like to exchange your order for a different size or colour, follow the returns procedure above and please specify what you’d like instead so we can reserve it for you. If there are any issues with your exchange, we will be in touch.
If you did not register an account with Outside, please let us know via email if you would like an exchange, specifying a size and/or colour you would prefer.
Send your order back to Outside
Please send the returned parcel to us so that we receive it within 28 days from the date that the item was originally delivered to you. The returns address is:
Outside Ltd, Web Returns, Main Road, Hathersage, Derbyshire, S32 1BB
For your protection we recommend that you use an appropriately insured delivery service as you are responsible for the item until we have received it (please keep your proof of postage until we have confirmed we have received the item).
Please note that you are responsible for the costs of return postage unless the goods are found to be faulty, not of satisfactory quality, or do not meet the description given. You must include the original packaging and product labels. We reserve the right to reduce the amount of money refunded for goods returned which show evidence of use beyond the handling necessary to see whether the goods are as expected.
Our store is unable to refund orders which are placed online and returned in the shop. They can however receive the goods if accompanied by a returns number, for processing by the web sales team the next working day.
If any item purchased from Outside develops a fault after the initial 28 days please return it to us for inspection following the above returns procedure, clearly noting the nature of the fault. Any faulty products must be returned in a clean and dry condition or we will be unable to process them. If you have received an incorrect item or your order has been damaged in transit, please follow the returns procedure above and in this instance we will of course refund your reasonable return postage costs.
*Our returns policy applies to all purchases from our online store, excluding the following items which cannot be returned unless faulty:
Bespoke and customised goods
Goods which will deteriorate or expire rapidly (for example food)
Magazines
Goods received sealed for health protection or hygiene reasons once unsealed
Sealed audio, video and software products once unsealed.
Our returns policy does still apply to Personal Protective Equipment (PPE) such as climbing hardware, ropes, helmets etc. It is particularly important that these are returned to us unused and unopened, in their original packaging and with all tags. Ropes can only be accepted if they are still factory coiled in their original packaging.
Last update: 22/01/2019
Links
Customer Service
Ordering
Delivery
Returns and Exchanges
Newsletter
Subscribe to our newsletter
Facebook
Twitter
YouTube
Instagram
Your Currency:
Albanian Lek - ALL
Argentine Peso - ARS
Armenian Dram - AMD
Australian Dollar - AUD
Brazilian Real - BRL
British Pound - GBP
Bulgarian Lev - BGN
Canadian Dollar - CAD
Chilean Peso - CLP
Chinese Yuan - CNY
Croatian Kuna - HRK
Czech Republic Koruna - CZK
Danish Krone - DKK
Euro - EUR
Falkland Islands Pound - FKP
Gibraltar Pound - GIP
Hong Kong Dollar - HKD
Hungarian Forint - HUF
Icelandic Króna - ISK
Indian Rupee - INR
Indonesian Rupiah - IDR
Iranian Rial - IRR
Israeli New Shekel - ILS
Japanese Yen - JPY
Latvian Lats - LVL
Lithuanian Litas - LTL
Macedonian Denar - MKD
Mexican Peso - MXN
Moldovan Leu - MDL
Moroccan Dirham - MAD
New Taiwan Dollar - TWD
New Zealand Dollar - NZD
Norwegian Krone - NOK
Philippine Peso - PHP
Polish Zloty - PLN
Romanian Leu - RON
Russian Rouble - RUB
Serbian Dinar - RSD
Singapore Dollar - SGD
South African Rand - ZAR
South Korean Won - KRW
Sri Lankan Rupee - LKR
Swedish Krona - SEK
Swiss Franc - CHF
Thai Baht - THB
Turkish Lira - TRY
US Dollar - USD
Ukrainian Hryvnia - UAH
United Arab Emirates Dirham - AED
Outside
About Us
Hathersage Shop
Hathersage Cafe
Meet the Hathersage Team
Information
Advanced Search
Terms & Conditions
Privacy Policy
Help and Advice
Product Support
Product Reviews
News and Blogs
Contact Us
Competition
Newsletter
© 2018 Outside Ltd Registered in England and Wales. Company Number 6142911 Vat Reg. 898 3579 42
This website requires cookies to provide all of its features. For more information on what data is contained in the cookies, please see our Privacy Policy page. To accept cookies from this site, please click the Allow button.
Allow