https://www.trunkoutlet.com/privacy
star
arrow-up
arrow-left
arrow-right
close
arrow-down
search
check-mark
plus
minus
avatar
calendar
delete
edit
phone
spinner8
Is it safe to use my credit card?
Yes, shopping at TrunkOutlet.com is safe. Every credit card purchase on TrunkOutlet.com is covered by our TrunkOutlet.com Safe Shopping Guarantee. We guarantee that every transaction you make at TrunkOutlet.com will be safe. This means you pay nothing if unauthorized charges are made to your card as a result of shopping at TrunkOutlet.com. See guarantee details below.
Why is TrunkOutlet.com so safe?
Safe Technology: Our secure socket layer (SSL) software is the industry standard and among the best software available today for secure commerce transactions. It encrypts your credit card number so that it cannot be read as the information travels over the Internet.
Guarantee Details
Under the Fair Credit Billing Act, your bank can not hold you liable for more than $50.00 of fraudulent charges. If your bank does hold you liable for any of this $50.00, TrunkOutlet.com will cover the entire liability for you, up to the full $50.00. TrunkOutlet.com will only cover this liability if the unauthorized use of your credit card resulted through no fault of your own from purchases made at TrunkOutlet.com while using the secure server.
In the event of unauthorized use of your credit card, you must notify your credit card provider in accordance with its reporting rules and procedures.
Privacy Policy
TrunkOutlet.com respects your privacy and is committed to protecting it. We will not sell, trade, or rent any of your personal information to any third party. We never have and never will!
All of your transactions are protected by SSL encryption software. We guarantee that every purchase you make at TrunkOutlet.com is 100% safe.
THANK YOU FOR SHOPPING AT TRUNKOUTLET.COM!
WE GREATLY APPRECIATE YOUR BUSINESS!
Subscribe to our newsletter!
yourname@email.com
search_icon
Camp & Collegedropdown_arrow
Camp & College
All Camp & College
Rhino Armor Trunks
Rhino Sticker Trunks
Naked Rhino Trunks
Rhino Indestructo Travel Trunks
Rhino Trundle Trunks
Rhino Realtree Sportsman Trunks
Rhino Zebra Trunks
Rhino Trunk Accessories
Camp & College Supplies
Wardrobedropdown_arrow
Wardrobe
All Wardrobe
Rhino Dance Trunks
Rhino Office Wardrobe Trunks
Urban Wardrobe Trunk
Rhino Travel Wardrobe Trunks
Traveldropdown_arrow
Travel
All Travel
Rhino Dance Trunks
Rhino Indestructo Travel Trunks
Rhino Travel Wardrobe Trunks
Tenba Transport Cases
Duffel Bags and Cargo Bags
Home & Officedropdown_arrow
Home & Office
All Home & Office
Rhino Cedar Trunks
Rhino Office Wardrobe Trunks
Home & Office
Bar
Decorative Trunks
Cooler Trunks
account
Account
wishlist
Wishlist
bag
Shopping bag
close
search_icon
close
Account
Log in
Email Address
*
Password
*
Forgot password?
New Customer
Create an account with us and you'll be able to:
Check out faster
Save multiple shipping addresses
Access your order history
Track new orders
Save items to your wish list
Create Account
close
Forgot Password
Forgot Password
Fill in your email below to request a new password. An email will be sent to the address below containing a link to verify your email address.
Email Address
*