http://www.freestylephoto.biz/order-policy
Shop
Holgas
Inkjet
Photo Know-How
Info & Events
Students & Educators
About Us
Contact Us
Calendar of Photographic Events
The Creative Center for Photography
Press Releases
Newsletters
We're Hiring!
Please Note : ***Due to Covid & the Holidays, please expect shipping delays.***
We will be closed Wednesday through Friday, December 23rd - 25th for the Christmas Holiday and Wednesday through Friday, December 30th - January 1st for the New Year Holiday. Orders placed before noon Pacific Standard Time on the preceding Tuesdays, will ship the same day. Orders placed after Noon Pacific Standard Time on those Tuesdays, will ship on the following Mondays.
Wishing you a Safe and Happy Holiday Season!
Home
>Freestyle Order Policy
Information
About Us
Contact Us
Locations & Hours
News
Partners
Special Events
Employment Opportunities
Policies
Order Policy
Privacy Policy
Return Policy
Shipping Policy
Store Policy
Freestyle Order Policy
Since 1946, Freestyle has specialized in providing outstanding values in photo and imaging supplies. Choose from our large selection of films, papers, darkroom accessories, wide-format printers and digital imaging supplies, plus all of the unique and exclusive hard-to-find -items that Freestyle specializes in.
All in-stock product is shipped the same day, Monday through Friday, when ordered by 12:00 noon PDT.
All orders are handled with care and packed using earth-friendly, biodegradable loose-fill.
We know you'll enjoy your experience and we appreciate your patronage.
Ordering Basics:
30-Day No Risk Guarantee Return Policy
Order Payment
Account Security
First-Time Orders
Credit Card Fraud Prevention
Pricing And Availability
Wishlist And Cart
Out Of Stock Items
Order Confirmations, Backorders and Invoices
International Payments
30-Day No Risk Guarantee Return Policy
Freestyle is pleased to provide a simple return policy. If you are not satisfied with your purchase within a 30-day period from date of purchase, simply complete the return form included with your order and send it back to us in its' original packaging. *Excludes the following: printers, scanners, digital cameras, lenses, light meters, flashes, darkroom equipment, uv lightsources, backgrounds, lighting equipment, special orders, photofinishing and hazardous materials. These items are not returnable.
If we make an error on your order, or if you receive a damaged or defective item, do not discard your shipping box or any of its contents. Please contact our customer service department so that we may arrange to correct your order.
THERE ARE NO RETURNS, EXCHANGES OR CANCELLATIONS ON SPECIAL ORDER ITEMS.
ALL ORIGINAL PACKAGING, including instruction books, warranty cards, etc. must be returned. Warranty cards must NOT be filled out.
Please note: Due to Federal Regulations, hazardous chemicals may not be returned for any reason.
The following policies apply to all Internet orders.
Order Payment
We accept the following as payment: Visa, Mastercard, Discover and American Express. We do not accept Paypal. Payment for orders cannot be split between credit cards. Only one credit card per order is allowed.
Account Security
For security purposes there is only one unique email address allowed per account. If you need to change your email address, you will need to create a new account.
First-Time Orders
For your protection, all first-time orders must be shipped to the credit card billing address. For all international first time orders, your shipment may be delayed for account verification. We will contact you with details.
Credit Card Fraud Prevention
We take credit card fraud very seriously. For the protection of card holders and ourselves, orders that appear fraudulent may be held for manual review. If necessary, a representative will call you to verify the order. If we are unable to contact you within a reasonable period of time, the order may be canceled.
Manual review may delay the shipment and delivery of your order. We reserve the right to cancel any order before it is shipped.
Sales Tax
We charge sales tax only on orders shipping within California as follows:
Within Los Angeles County - 9.50%
Outside Los Angeles County - 7.75%
We charge sales tax on orders picked up at our physical locations as follows:
Retail Flagship Store in Hollywood - 9.50%
Catalog Order Center in Santa Fe Springs - 10.50%
Pricing And Availability
Prices and available stock are subject to change without notice. Freestyle assumes no responsibility for typographical errors contained on this website. Images are for illustrative purposes only. Actual product may look slightly different. All Freestyle pricing and payments must be in U.S. dollars.
Wishlist And Cart
To save items to a Wishlist, click on the item so the item's descriptive page comes up. In the upper right-hand side of the page there is an option for add to Cart or Wishlist. Select Wishlist and the item is stored to your Wishlist. To access your Wishlist go to My Account and on the left-hand side under Your Orders is your Wishlist. Items in your Wishlist last the life of your account or until such time as you remove them. Wishlist items are attached to your account whereas items in your cart only last up to 30 days and are controlled by cookies.
Out Of Stock Items
While we do our best to have items on hand when you need them, sometimes items sell through and list as “out of stock.” Some items may not be available to backorder and they will not be selectable to put in your cart. We are happy to let you know when those items are again available for order if you submit your email address in the "Notify Me" box.
During the order and fulfillment process, your credit card will not be charged until the item ships. All orders are fulfilled first in, first out.
Order Confirmations, Backorders and Invoices
All order confirmations, shipping confirmations, and Invoices will be sent to you via email.
(Add orderinfo@freestylephoto.biz to your email account
safe list to ensure you receive order confirmations.)
This includes item(s) that may be on backorder.
For shipments within the United States, any backordered item(s) will remain on backorder until they become available.
If you have placed an order for items to be shipped out of the United States, and not all items are available at the time of your order, we will ship the in-stock items and cancel all backorders. We do this so that your items will not be delayed. You may place another order for those items when they become available.
Same Day Shipping Guarantee
In-stock orders are shipped the same day when placed by 12:00 pm Pacific (3:00 pm Eastern), Monday-Friday. Saturdays and Sundays are excluded from shipping and delivery.
Please note: the day your order is processed is not counted as a shipping day. Example: An order is processed on Tuesday with FedEx 2 Day delivery. The order will be delivered on Thursday.
Please note: USPS orders may be delayed by 24-72 hours.
Hazardous Materials
Chemicals containing hazardous materials may only be shipped via FedEx ground service and only within the continental United States. In addition to our regular shipping charges, the fee for shipment of these items is $20 per box, up to 55 lbs.
ORM-D Items
Items labeled ORM-D can be shipped only by FedEx ground service and only within the continental United States. ORM-D items cannot be shipped to PO Boxes, Alaska, Hawaii, or overseas.
International Orders
Freestyle offers two different international shipping options. Please see your shipping options in our Shipping Policy. You can choose the method the best suits your needs. With all international shipments, you are responsible for all import taxes and duties.
Please note that we do not accept returns on international orders.
If you have placed an order for items to be shipped out of the United States, and not all items are available at the time of your order, we will ship the in-stock items and cancel all backorders. We do this so that your items will not be delayed. You may place another order for those items when they become available.
We reserve the right to prevent certain products from being shipped outside of the United States.
International Payments
As part of our credit card security efforts, Freestyle verifies complete credit card information for all international orders before shipping items out of the United States. This is to help protect both Freestyle and its customers from the dangers of international credit fraud, which can be difficult to trace and correct. Since international banks issue credit cards in countries outside the United States, this process can take anywhere from one to seven business days, depending on how quickly the bank in question responds to our inquiries. Unfortunately, in some rare cases, the bank may not provide this information. If this is the case, Freestyle will contact you with assistance on other methods of payment. Please note that all first time international orders over $250 will require a wire transfer as payment.
We do not accept Paypal.
If shipping to a forwarding service or shipping courier within the United States, your first order will require payment by a wire transfer.
Freestyle Photographic Supplies must accurately report the value of all goods being shipped across the border. Freestyle Photographic Supplies cannot be responsible for charges - and may not offer - any specific advice - associated with import fees, duty, customs or taxes that may be incurred when your merchandise reaches you. We recommend that you consult your local government import office if you have questions. Freestyle is not responsible for any actions by international customs. Please order at your own risk.