http://www.jupiterheating.com/terms.html
Boilers
A.O. Smith (Parts)
Elite Premier
HT Products
- HTP Parts
Munchkin Boilers
- Munchkin Parts
Slant/Fin Boilers
Water Heaters
A.O. Smith (Parts)
Bock Water Heaters
HT Products
- HTP Parts
Slant/Fin Indirect
SuperStor Indirect
Radiant Heating
Watts Radiant
Plumbing
Aqua Treatment
-
ATS UV Bulbs
Packages
Radiant Design
See All Product Lines
Order securely
24/7!
Site Policies, Terms of Sale, Privacy Agreement, Etc.
Terms of Sale
Return of Merchandise
- Within 14 days of delivery, contact
us for a request for return. Restocking fees up to 25 percent may apply, depending
on the circumstances and the item. Other than warehouse error or shipping damage,
the customer is typically responsible for return freight charges. No return will
be accepted without prior authorization. All goods must be in resalable, new
condition in order to receive credit.
Defective Merchandise / Warranty Claims - If a product is defective
out of the box or fails within our 14 day return period, please contact us immediately
for further assistance. For any boiler, water heater, or other item that requires
a licensed heating or plumbing contractor to install it, the licensed
installer must directly notify us of the nature of the problem. No returns of
defective equipment within our 14 day return period will be accepted from customers
who fail to show proof that their equipment was worked on by a licensed contractor.
If a product is deemed defective after our 14 day return period, proceed to
the manufacturer's warranty agreement for further assistance. Each manufacturer
has its own procedures to follow in order to make a warranty claim. Although we
are happy to do what we can to assist you, it is ultimately the buyer's responsibility
to ensure that product warranty guidelines are followed per the manufacturer's
instructions. Manufacturer warranty information is located in your owner's manual,
or on the manufacturers' web site. Please note that for most items sold on this
web site, the manufacturer requires that a licensed contractor install or repair
their product.
Damaged Merchandise - The best way to handle an item that arrives to
you damaged is to refuse delivery, then contact us immediately. It is far easier
for us to file a shipping claim with the carrier and get you a replacement order
out immediately if you have refused the delivery. In the case of large units arriving
on a semi truck, always inspect the merchandise thoroughly before signing for
it. In the case of hidden shipping damage, contact us and the freight company
immediately so that we can begin the claims process. It becomes more problematic
to prove hidden shipping damage the longer the customer waits to call to report
it -- the best way to eliminate this possibility is to thoroughly inspect the
shipment before signing for it.
Shortages / Missing or Lost Items - We notify the customer by email
or phone if an item is on back order and the order is shipping incomplete. However,
if any item appears to be missing from your order, contact us within 2 business
days. On LTL shipments, do not sign for the shipment unless the piece count matches
the bill of lading. Make sure you have received everything that you have ordered,
and that everything is in perfect condition before signing for it. It is difficult
to prove that items were lost or mispacked if the customer waits days or weeks
to notify us.
Acceptance of Orders - We reserve the right to review all incoming orders. If we are unable to fill an order for any reason (for example, an item has just recently been discontinued and is no longer available), we will promptly notify the customer of the situation and refund or void the transaction.
Limitation of Liability - All liability for consequential and incidental
damages or bodily harm as a result of use or nonuse of any and all products sold
from this site is expressly disclaimed. It is the buyer's responsibility to read
and understand the manufacturer's written installation instructions and warranty,
if any, of any product purchased from this site. The installation, usage and storage
of any item purchased from our company must be in compliance with the manufacturer's
terms of use. There is no expressed or implied warranty offered by JupiterHeating.com
for any products that we sell. By ordering any item from JupiterHeating.com, the
customer holds our company harmless from any damages or bodily injury as a result
of purchasing, owning, using or being in the presence of that item.
By purchasing any product from this site, you are agreeing to follow any and
all federal and local codes pertaining to the installation, use, or storage of
said product. Installation of boilers, water heaters, radiant floor heating systems
and any or all other products sold on this site must be completed by a licensed
contractor, if applicable, in a strict manner consistent with federal and local
regulations and inspected by the proper authorities. Neither JupiterHeating.com
nor any manufacturer represented on this site makes any promise to provide technical
assistance to any individual who is not properly trained to install or service
any product or system.
Terms of Site Use
By using www.jupiterheating.com you are agreeing to all the terms and conditions
in this document. All information contained on this site may be changed at any
time and it provided "AS IS" without express or implied warranties,
including but not limited to the implied warranties of merchantability, fitness
for a particular purpose, and non-infringement of proprietary rights. JupiterHeating.com
shall not be held liable for any damages whatsoever arising from the use, inability
of use, performance or nonperformance of this web site or its content.
Although we work daily on keeping our site content up to date, manufacturers
may change product information or specifications at any time and without notice.
For the most current information available for products, please contact the manufacturer.
All content and features of JupiterHeating.com are copyrighted and to be used
as an information and ordering source for our customers and site visitors. Portions
of the site may be printed by you as a personal resource but may not be copied
or reproduced in and other manner without the expressed written consent of JupiterHeating.com.
Unauthorized duplication of this site's content is strictly prohibited. JupiterHeating.com
logo and other artwork, as well as names, trademarks or logos from other companies
presented on this site, are being used with their owner's permission and may not
be reproduced, modified, transmitted or distributed with express written consent
by their respective holders
Commitment to Privacy and Security
This privacy notice discloses the privacy practices for JupiterHeating.com,
a Jupiter Sales LLC e-commerce web site headquartered in Orrville, Ohio. This
privacy notice applies solely to information collected by this web site. It will
notify you of the following:
What personally identifiable information is collected from you through the
web site, how it is used and with whom it may be shared.
What choices are available to you regarding the use of your data.
The security procedures in place to protect the misuse of your information.
How you can correct any inaccuracies in the information.
Information Collection, Use, and Sharing
We are the sole owners of the information collected on this site. We only have
access to/collect information that you voluntarily give us via email or other
direct contact from you. We will not sell or rent this information to anyone.
On some pages, you can order products, make requests, and register to receive
materials. The types of personal information collected at these pages are: Name,
Address, Email address, Phone number, Credit/Debit Card Information, (etc.)
We will use your information to respond to you, regarding the reason you contacted
us. We will not share your information with any third party outside of our organization,
other than as necessary to fulfill your request, e.g. to ship an order.
Unless you ask us not to, we may contact you via email in the future to tell
you about specials, new products or services, or changes to this privacy policy.
Your Access to and Control Over Information
You may opt out of any future contacts from us at any time. You can do the
following at any time by contacting us at 1-800-959-8901 or via email.
You may elect to contact us to:
See what data we have about you, if any.
Change/correct any data we have about you.
Have us delete any data we have about you.
Express any concern you have about our use of your data.
Security
We take precautions to protect your information. When you submit sensitive
information via the web site, your information is protected both online and offline.
Wherever we collect sensitive information (such as credit card data), that information
is encrypted and transmitted to us in a secure way via Authorize.net,
one of the largest secured credit card processing companies in the world. You
can verify this by looking for a closed lock icon at the bottom of your web browser,
or looking for "https" at the beginning of the address of the web page,
on any page where you are asked for contact and credit card information.
While we use encryption to protect sensitive information transmitted online,
we also protect your information offline. Only employees who need the information
to perform a specific job (for example, billing or customer service) are granted
access to personally identifiable information. The computers/servers in which
we store personally identifiable information are kept in a secure environment.
If you feel that we are not abiding by this privacy policy, you should contact
us immediately.
Contact Us
If you have any questions about these terms, please contact us.
[Home] [Catalog]
[Contact Us]
[Terms of Sale] [Review Shopping Cart]
Purchase products securely with:
(Contact us to purchase with PayPal.)
Manufacturers may change product specifications and availability at any time and without notice.
Copyright 2020, JupiterHeating.com & Jupiter Sales, LLC. All rights reserved.