https://www.kingsbbq.com/privacy-policy/
King’s BBQ Restaurant Legal Statement
If you use King’s BBQ Restaurant’s website, you’re accepting and agreeing to abide by the terms and conditions seen here. The bottom line is don’t use the site if you don’t like our rules. King’s website is only for your personal use, which means you can only view the site, provide information to the site, download product information for your personal review, and purchase products. We apologize for making you wade through a bunch of legal terms, but we’re doing business online, so we have to.
Ownership
King’s Restaurant, Inc. (“King’s BBQ Restaurant”) owns all of the site, and we sell all merchandise purchased through the site. King’s BBQ Restaurant owns or has rights to all of the wallpaper, icons, logos, characters, artwork, images, graphics, music, text, software and other content on the site (the “Content”), and all HTML, CGI and other code and scripts in any format used to implement the site (the “Code”). The Content and Code of the site are protected by copyright. You may not copy, modify, upload, download, transmit, re-publish, display for redistribution to third parties for commercial purposes, or otherwise distribute any Code or Content from the site without the prior written agreement of King’s BBQ Restaurant. You may not use the Content or Code from the site for any purpose other than those set forth above. All names, logos and trademarks on the site are the property of King’s BBQ Restaurant or are used by King’s under license. Those may not be used for any purpose without the prior express written permission of King’s BBQ Restaurant. Failure to comply with this Legal Statement will constitute breach of contract and will violate King’s Restaurant Inc.’s copyright, trademark and other proprietary and intellectual property rights.
Privacy/Security
Here at King’s BBQ Restaurant, we take your privacy and security seriously. Our transactions are encrypted to make sure your personal information is protected.
We hate spam too. We don’t sell or share your personal information to any third party or use your e-mail address for unsolicited mail. Any e-mails sent by King’s BBQ Restaurant will only be in connection with services or products. Things like your name, address, e-mail address, phone number are only collected when you voluntarily submit it to us, such as when you’re placing an order. All personal information is confidential, and is only used for the specific purpose it was volunteered, or to improve the content, appearance, and user experience of the site, to track visitors’ use of the site for internal market research, or to notify our visitors of updates to the site. You can always ask King’s BBQ Restaurant to remove your information from marketing databases, correct your personal information, or remove or dispose of your personal information (except for what we need to complete your purchase). Just email us (hyperlink to Contact Us page here) and be sure to include your exact e-mail address, name, address, and phone number to make sure we handle your request correctly.
Comments/Suggestions
We love it when our customers oink at us or about us! Things like comments, questions, suggestions and feedback you submit to King’s BBQ Restaurant are not your personal information, and are not confidential. When you submit that information, it becomes the property of King’s BBQ Restaurant and assigns King’s BBQ Restaurant all rights, titles, and interests in that information. King’s BBQ Restaurant will be free to use any ideas, concepts, know-how or techniques contained in such information for any purpose, including but not limited to developing, manufacturing and marketing products incorporating that information. By submitting information about King’s BBQ Restaurant’s website and its products, you allow King’s to publish such information, use it as part of its operations, and incorporate its concepts in King’s BBQ Restaurant products without liability.
Product, Pricing and Shipping Information
The last thing you want to be when you’re desperate to put some South in your mouth is confused. At King’s BBQ Restaurant and King’s Oink Express, we make every effort to display our products and pricing as accurately as possible. But sometimes products may be discontinued and prices are subject to change. Prices are quoted in U.S. dollars and are for U.S. purchases. Purchases are subject to applicable taxes to be paid by the customer and do not include shipping and handling, which are applied at checkout.
Disclaimers
King’s Restaurant publishes information on its website to make life easier for our customers. We try to provide accurate and timely information, but we’re human too, and there might be unintentional technical, factual or typographical mistakes sometimes. We reserve the right to make corrections and changes to the site at any time without notice. King’s BBQ Restaurant operates its website from the United States. King’s Restaurant makes no warranties of any kind regarding any non-King’s BBQ sites our customers are directed to or via hyperlinks from our site. We include hyperlinks as a convenience for our customers. King’s BBQ Restaurant makes no warranties concerning the accuracy, suitability or safety of information provided in non-King’s BBQ websites. Visitors assume all responsibility and risk when they use King’s BBQ Restaurant website. King’s BBQ Restaurant disclaims all warranties, representations and endorsements, express or implied, with regard to information accessed from or via the site, including but not limited to all express and implied warranties, such as warranty of title, merchantability, non-infringement and fitness for a particular purpose. King’s BBQ Restaurant does not warrant that the site is free of computer viruses, bugs or other harmful components. King’s BBQ Restaurant does not warrant that the functions contained in the material will be uninterrupted or error-free or that errors will be detected or corrected. King’s BBQ Restaurant does not assume any liability or responsibility for the accuracy, completeness, reliability or usefulness of the information disclosed or accessed through the site. King’s BBQ Restaurant does not have any duty to update its site or modify the Content or Code, and King’s Restaurant shall not be liable for its failure to update such information. It is your responsibility to verify any information contained in the site before relying upon it.
IN NO EVENT SHALL KING’S BBQ RESTAURANT BE LIABLE FOR ANY DIRECT, SPECIAL, INDIRECT, OR CONSEQUENTIAL DAMAGES, OR ANY OTHER DAMAGES OF WHATEVER KIND RESULTING FROM WHATEVER CAUSE, INCLUDING BUT NOT LIMITED TO LOSS OF USE, LOSS OF PROFITS, LOSS OF DATA, OR ANY OTHER TYPE OF DAMAGE, TANGIBLE OR INTANGIBLE IN NATURE, WHETHER IN AN ACTION UNDER THEORIES OF CONTRACT, TORT OR OTHERWISE, ARISING OUT OF OR IN ANY WAY RELATING TO THE USE OR PERFORMANCE OF THE INFORMATION ON, OR ACCESSED THROUGH, KING’S BBQ RESTAURANT SITE.
King’s BBQ Restaurant reserves the right to withdraw access to the site or to revise the services and products described in the site at any time without notice. King’s BBQ Restaurant may at any time revise the terms and conditions contained in this Legal Statement by updating this posting. You are bound by any revisions and should periodically visit this page to review the current terms and conditions that apply to your use of the site. The invalidity of any term, condition or provision of this Legal Statement shall not affect the enforceability of those portions of the Legal Statement deemed enforceable by applicable courts of law.