http://www.helmpublishing.com/about/privacy-policy
Privacy Policy
Helm Publishing, Inc. (collectively referred to "we," "us," or "Helm Publishing, Inc.") is committed to maintaining your confidence and trust with respect to the privacy of the personally identifiable information we collect from you on our website, during purchases, for our events or giveaways, and on our e-mail newsletters. This privacy statement discloses the privacy practices for all products and services owned by Helm Publishing, Inc.
INFORMATION COLLECTION AND USE We collect information from our website users, subscribers, and customers, which is used only to conduct business or better serve our customers. We do not sell/share our mailing lists with third parties for marketing purposes.
Registration and Ordering When using our website, ordering our products, or using our online testing, users must first register. During registration, users are required to give their contact information (such as name, e-mail address, mailing address, and Zip code). We also may wish to collect demographic information (such as continuing education purchasing habits, and CE topics of interest). For internal purposes, we use this information to communicate with users and provide requested services, and, for our website visitors, to provide a more personalized experience on our sites. We use aggregate demographic information about our audience to improve our service, for marketing purposes,or internal reporting purposes.
For our services that require payment (such as products), our secure shopping cart collects credit card information (such as account name, number, expiration date, and verification code) which is used by our credit card gateway, and bank only for billing purposes. Only the last four digits of a card are shared with Helm Publishing, Inc. in order to identify which card was used in a transaction.
E-mail Newsletters If users wish to subscribe to our e-mail newsletters, we ask for contact information (such as name, e-mail address, and sometimes demographic information). We use this information in the same manner as we use contact information in the registration and ordering process described above. Recipients of our newsletters can “Unsubscribe” using the instructions listed at the end of the e-mail newsletters.
Giveaways, Surveys, and Other Promotions From time to time we invite users to provide information in connection with giveaways, surveys, and similar promotions. Participation is completely voluntary and the user therefore has a choice whether to disclose requested contact information (such as name and mailing address) and demographic information (such as Zip code or area of practice). In addition to other uses set forth in this policy, contact information collected in connection with giveaways, surveys, and other promotions is used to notify the winners and award prizes.
Interactive Features At some of our features like the blog, we offer a comment function. Note that all personal information sent or posted via such features becomes public information for which we are not responsible.We have features where users can submit information or requests to us (such as our comment forms and evaluations). We may retain e-mails and other information sent to us for our internal administrative purposes, and to help us to serve customers better.
Communications from Helm Publishing, Inc. In order to best serve our customers, we may send updates that contain important information about our sites and services. For example, we may send new members a welcome message, confirmations on purchases, or verification of password and username for our password-protected sites. We may also communicate with a user to provide requested services and for account-related issues via e-mail, phone, or regular mail. Users can choose not to receive these communications, by calling our office 940-497-3558 or service@helmpublishing.com.
Automatic Data Collection Our website has a feature that automatically collects information from users, to deliver content specific to users' interests and to honor their preferences. This information assists us in creating a site that will serve the needs of our users.
We use "cookies," a piece of data stored on the user's hard drive containing information about the user. Cookies benefit the user by requiring login only once, thereby saving time while on our site. If users reject the cookies, they may be limited in the use of some areas of our site. For example, the user may not be able to participate in giveaways, contests, or drawings. Additionally, we may note some of the pages the user visits on our site through the use of pixel tags (also called clear gifs). The use of cookies and pixels enable us to track and target the interests of our users to enhance the experience on our sites.
Some of our business affiliates use cookies on our site for log-in purposes in our testing center or Google Analytics. However, we have no access to or control over these business affiliates' cookies; we urge users to read their privacy policies for information.
For our internal purposes, we gather date, time, browser type, navigation history, and IP address of all visitors to our site. This information does not contain anything that can identify users personally. We use this information for our internal security audit log, trend analysis, system administration, and to gather broad demographic information about our user base.
Helm Publishing, Inc.’s site will not use or transfer personally identifiable information provided to us in ways unrelated to the ones described above without also providing you with an opportunity to opt out of these uses.
Shared Information We do not share personally identifiable information with other companies, apart from those acting as our agents in providing our products/services/testing site, and which agree to use it only for that purpose and to keep the information secure and confidential. When required to do so by law (court order or subpoena), we will also disclose information we maintain, or in response to a law enforcement agency's request. Users should also be aware that U.S. Bankruptcy Courts, might have the authority under certain circumstances to permit personal information to be shared or transferred to third parties without permission.
Correct/Updating Personal Information If a user's personally identifiable information changes (such as email or Zip code), we provide a way to correct or update that user's personal data. The user should contact Helm Publishing Inc.’s office at 940-497-3558 or service@helmpublishing.com.
Retention of Personal Information We retain the personal information we collect from you as long as the information is relevant to our business purposes or until you request that we remove the data.
Security We use reasonable precautions to protect our users' personal information and to store it securely. In addition, access to all of our users' information is restricted. Only employees who need the information to perform a specific job are granted access to personally identifiable information. Finally, the servers on which we store personally identifiable information are kept in a secure environment.
Helm Publishing, Inc. does not sell products for purchase by children. If you are under 18 years, you may use our website only with the involvement of a parent or guardian.
Links Our website may contain links to other sites. Helm Publishing, Inc. is not responsible for the privacy practices or content of such other sites. We encourage our users to be aware when they leave our site and to read the privacy statements of each website to which we may link that may collect personally identifiable information.
Notification & Changes If we change our privacy policy, we will post those changes on this page so our users are aware of what information we collect, how we use it, and under which circumstances, if any, we disclose it. Users should check this policy frequently to keep abreast of any changes.
For questions about this privacy statement, the practices of this site, or any dealings with Helm Publishing, Inc., contact us at:
Corporate Communications Helm Publishing, Inc. P.O. Box 2105 Lake Dallas, TX 75065 940-497-3558 service@helmpublishing.com