http://www.romolochocolates.com/privacy-policy
Star
Star
Cart
Search
Search
Menu
Shop
Holiday Candy
Sponge Candy
Boxed Chocolates
Meltaway, Bark & Confectionery
Bulk Chocolate & Bars
Care Boxes & Gift Sets
Care Boxes
Gift Sets
Gift Towers
Chocolate­-Covered Fresh Fruit
About
History
Our Store
Culture
Ingredients
Giving Back
Career Opportunities
Announcements
Directions & Hours
Contact Us
Login
Facebook
Romolo Chocolates respects the privacy of all visitors to our website. Please review this privacy policy to understand what information is being collected and how it will be used. Romolo Chocolates will NOT make information collected available to any outside parties. All information gathered will be obtained only through your knowledge and consent.
In this privacy policy, "we,” "us" and "our" will refer to Romolo Chocolates. "You" and "your" will refer to you as a user and visitor to www.RomoloChocolates.com.
What Do We Collect?
Our website uses a form that our clients can use to request information and services. From this form, we collect visitors' contact information such as email addresses, phone number and business name.
How Secure Is The Information We Collect?
We make every effort to follow industry-standard security measures to prevent the loss, misuse and alteration of the information under our control. All information collected by us is accessible only to our authorized employees.
How Do We Use This Information?
Contact information: When you begin business with us, you will need to provide specific information for contact reasons. This information will be used only by us and will not available to any outside sources. Emails you can expect to receive from us include information required in order to complete your project, an initial estimate, employment information, and/or notices of any new options or services available from us, and responses to any queries you send to us. Your email address is used when you email us with questions or comments, and when you submit a "Contact" form. We will use your email address only to reply via email. NO third parties will acquire your email address and NO other mail will be sent unless follow-up is expected.
IP addresses: We do not track the IP addresses of our website visitors for anything other than internal statistical purposes. We have no means of associating contact information that you submit via a "Contact" form with the IP address of your computer.
Cookies: If we choose to use cookies within our website, we use them to recognize return visitors. We gather this information for internal use only and will never authorize the release of this information to anyone outside our company.
Linked sites: If this site contains any links to external websites, we are not responsible for the privacy practices or the content of those websites.
Linking to our website: You may create a link to our website; however making a link with any alteration to our website's content is restricted. You may NOT reproduce or reformat the pages, images, information, and/or materials from this site unless expressed written permission has been obtained from us in advance. Under NO circumstance shall any direct links to images be made. You will immediately remove any links to our site if, for any reason, we request that you do so.
Acceptance
By using our website, you consent to this privacy policy. If you do not agree to this policy, then please do not use this website. We reserve the right to change this policy at any time by posting changes on this page. Your continued use of www.RomoloChocolates.com will signify your acceptance of those changes.
If you have any questions regarding this privacy policy, please contact us:
Romolo Chocolates1525 West 8 StreetErie, PA 16505tel: 888.799.7797
Now offering DoorDash delivery in the Erie area!