http://www.vitamyr.com/pages/privacy
Skip to content
Submit
Close search
Home
Mouthwash & Toothpaste
Hair & Skin
expand
collapse
Hair & Skin
BODY CREAM
HAIR CARE
NATURAL SOAP
Maca
TAKE 5!
Money Saving Family Packages
Gift
Retail Locations
expand
collapse
Retail Locations
Alabama
Arizona
Arkansas
California
Canada
Colorado
Connecticut
Florida
Georgia
Hawaii
Idaho
Illinois
Indiana
Iowa
Kansas
Kentucky
Louisiana
Massachusetts
Maryland
Maine
Michigan
Minnesota
Missouri
Mississippi
Montana
North Carolina
North Dakota
Nebraska
New Hampshire
New Jersey
New Mexico
Nevada
New York
Ohio
Oregon
Pennsylvania
South Carolina
Tennessee
Texas
Utah
Virginia
Washington
Wisconsin
West Virginia
Wyoming
Receive Exclusive Offers! - Loyalty Points How To
Our Blog!
Articles, Movies, Information & More!
FREE shipping for orders over $39
Privacy
Vita-Myr International's Privacy Guarantee
Vita-Myr asks customers to supply various personal data when placing an order, such as name and address, credit-card information, and E-mail address. We use this data only for the purpose of filling an order, or communicating with the customer about the status of an order.
We will release personally identifiable information to third parties and organizations when we believe it is appropriate for us to do so in order to comply with the law or to protect against fraud. We will also release such information to cooperate with law enforcement or other governmental investigations (without necessarily requiring the requesting law enforcement or government agency to formally serve us with a subpoena), comply with all valid court orders or subpoenas, protect the legal rights of us and our users, or when we believe it is needed for fraud protection and/or credit risk reduction.
Except for the circumstances set forth in the previous paragraph, we will not knowingly distribute customer information to be used in mailing lists, surveys, or any other purpose other than what is required to perform our services.
What information do we collect? How do we use it?
When ordering from our sites, Vita-Myr must collect the purchaser's name, email address, mailing address, phone number, credit card number, and expiration date. This allows us to process and fulfill orders and provide notification of the order status.
How does Vita-Myr protect customer information?
Customers who buy through the Vita-Myr system are shopping on a secure server, which encrypts all of the customer's personal information including name, address and credit card number. Encryption ensures that no one can access or use personal information in an unauthorized manner.
Our commerce system was developed by Authorize.net with security as its number one priority. This single entry point allows Vita-Myr to maintain the tightest access control - eliminating (rather than closing) the backdoor.
Vita-Myr has made an investment in protecting our clients' and customers' information utilizing the following technologies:
Firewall
Firewalls allow the use of authenticated access and can prevent certain types of traffic from entering the private network. Customizing the firewall according to the network topology is essential to having a useful firewall protection mechanism.
SSL (Secure Socket Layers)
Because we accept sensitive information from end-users such as passwords and credit card numbers, Vita-Myr's site uses SSL. This logic encrypts the data being sent to the server from the browser using high-level encryption technology. Once the data is received from customers on the Vita-Myr Network, it may be required that the data be maintained for a certain period of time inside our private network. Encrypting the data means it cannot be viewed in plain text.
What about cookies?
"Cookies" are small pieces of information that are stored by your browser on your computer's hard drive. Vita-Myr's cookies are used only to identify the customer, not to identify any specific customer traits. These cookies do not store sensitive data. This enables a more pleasant shopping experience with Vita-Myr every time you shop with us.
Vita-Myr International, Inc
P.O. Box 95352
Las Vegas, NV 89193-5352
USA
x
Reward Points
Thank You
Earning and redeeming Health Points
$1
Earns you
10
$1
Redeems to
400
Ways you can earn
Product Purchase
Register an account
Register
Login