http://www.gps.co.uk/page.asp?id=privacy&off=1
THE UK & EUROPE'S AVIONICS SUPPLIER
£ (GBP)
€ (EUR)
Login/Register
|
Contact Us
Call Us: +44 (0) 131 447 7777
Your Basket 0 - items
Autofill
Start typing the brand of the product you are looking for. You will see a list of available products. Keep typing to narrow down your search.
Select the product then click the search button
AVIONICS
8.33 kHz Radios 8.33 kHz NAV/COM ADS-B Receivers Antennas
ADF Antennas
COMM Antennas
ELT Antennas
GPS Antennas
GPS/COMM Antennas
NAV Antennas
Transponder/DME/ADS-B Antennas
Audio Panels
Clearance Items Collision Avoidance
EFIS SYSTEMS
Avmap
Dynon
Garmin G3X EFIS System
Garmin G5 EFIS
Engine Management
GPS
AvMap
BendixKing
Bluetooth Receivers
Garmin G3X EFIS System
Garmin Portable
Garmin Panel-Mount
iPad GPS
Aircraft Instruments
Airspeed Indicators
Aircraft Clocks
Altimeters
Analogue Engine Instruments
Compasses
Course Deviation Indicators
Directional Gyros
EFIS Systems
Horizon Gyros
Low Voltage Warning
Turn Rate Indicators
Vertical Speed Indicators
Intercoms Power Distribution Transponders Altitude Encoders
Used & Reconditioned
PILOT SUPPLIES
Cameras
NFlightcam GoPro Accessories
Garmin Virb Action Cameras
GoPro Hero3/4 Accessories
Headsets
Bose
David Clark
HM Series
Lightspeed
Microavionics
Peltor
Accessories
Flight Bags
Flight Computers
Gift Vouchers
iPad/Tablet GPS
Microlight Comms
Portable Tranceivers
Receivers
Watches
SAFETY
Carbon Monoxide Detectors
Emergency Location Transmitters
Life Jackets
Life Rafts
Personal Locator Beacons
Tracking and Text
Strobes
ACCESSORIES
Installation Supplies
Antenna Cables and Adaptors
Antenna/RF Connectors
Cable and Wire
Equipment connectors
Headset Connectors
Circuit Breakers
Switches
Power Distribution
Power Outlets
Pneumatic Fittings and Tubing
Stick Grips
Tools
Headset Accessories
iPad Accessories
Pitot Mounts
RAM Mounts
By Brand
Air Gizmos Accessories
Avmap Accessories
Becker Accessories
BendixKing Accessories
Bose Accessories
David Clark Accessories
Dynon Accessories
Garmin Accessories
Icom Accessories
Kannad Accessories
Microavionics Accessories
Yaesu Accessories
Top Selling
iPad Accessories
Dynon Avionics
Garmin
MANUFACTURER
ACK Technologies Inc. Air Avionics Air Gizmos Artex Avidyne Avionics Avmap Bad Elf Becker Belite Beijing Instruments BendixKing Bose Comant
David Clark Design4Pilots Dittel (TQ Avionics) Dual Dynon Flight Data Systems Funke Garmin GNS GoPro HM Series Icom Jotron
JPI Kannad
Lightspeed Aviation Microavionics Mid-Continent NFlightcam Ocean Signal Peltor Pooleys Precision PS Engineering RAM Mounts Ray Allen
RC Allen Sigtronics Survival Liferafts TQ Avionics (formerly Dittel) Trig Avionics TruTrak uAvionix UMA Vertical Power Winter X-Naut Yaesu
SUPPORT
Repair RMA Form Wiring Harness Forms Contact Support
Privacy & Cookies Policy
Collecting Information Mendelssohn Pilot Supplies (A trading name of G.P.S Europe Ltd.) is committed to protecting your privacy and maintaining the security of any personal information received from you. We strictly adhere to the requirements of the data protection legislation in the UK. The purpose of this statement is to explain to you what the personal information is we collect and how we may use it.
When you order, we need to know your name, address, email address and card details. This allows us to process and fulfil your order. You have the option to withhold personal information that is not required for the order process.
We use your personal information for payment, billing, processing of orders and product reviews.
We do not sell, rent or exchange your personal information with any third party for commercial reasons, beyond the essential requirement for credit/debit card validation during purchase for which we use Worldpay.
For market research purposes we use Feefo to send out a product review email on completion of your order. If you do not want to receive this email for any reason please contact us.
In order to process credit/debit card transactions, the bank or card processing agency may require to verify your personal details for authorisation outside the EEA (European Economic Area).
Your information will not be transferred outside the EEA for any other purpose.
Our primary goal in collecting personal information from you is to provide you with a smooth, efficient, and personalised experience while
using our services. This allows us to provide services and features that most likely meet your needs, and to customise our service to
make your experience easier and quicker.
We use a web analytics tool to analyse site usage, how our users arrive at our site, what they do on the site,
what browser they are using and on what operating system etc. However, this analytics data, collected via a
JavaScript tag in the pages of our site, is not tied to personally identifiable information.
Cookies We use a number of different cookies on our site. If you do not know what cookies are, or how to control or delete them,
then we recommend you visit http://www.aboutcookies.org for detailed guidance.
The following information describes the cookies we use on this site and what we use them for.
Currently we operate an ‘implied consent’ policy which means that we assume you are happy with this usage.
If you are not happy, then you should either not use this site, or you should delete our cookies having visited the site,
or you should browse the site using your browser’s anonymous usage setting
(called “Incognito” in Chrome, “InPrivate” for Internet Explorer, "Private Browsing" in Firefox and Safari etc.)
Session CookiesIf applicable, we may use a session cookie to remember your log-in for you. These we deem strictly necessary to the
working of the website. If these are disabled then various functionality on the site will be broken. More information on session
cookies and what they are used for at http://www.allaboutcookies.org/cookies/session-cookies-used-for.html
Persistent Cookies for Site Analytics and Performance.
Google Analytics – we use this to understand how the site is being used in order to improve the user experience. User data is all anonymous.
You can find out more about Google’s position on privacy as regards its analytics service at http://www.google.com/analytics/learn/privacy.html
Social buttons. You may see on pages of the site ‘social buttons’.
These enable users to share or bookmark the web pages. There are buttons for: Twitter, Google +1, Facebook ‘Like’, LinkedIn ‘Share’, and
StumbleUpon. In order to implement these buttons, and connect them to the relevant social networks and external sites,
there are scripts from domains outside of G.P.S. You should be aware that these sites are likely to be collecting
information about what you are doing all around the internet, including on our site. So if you click on any of these buttons, these sites
will be registering that action and may use that information. In some cases these sites will be registering the fact that you are
visiting this site, and the specific pages you are on, even if you don’t click on the button if you are logged into their services,
like Google and Facebook. You should check the respective policies of each of these sites to see how exactly they use your information and to
find out how to opt out, or delete, such information.
Email trackingSome emails that we send you have no tracking in at all e.g. service emails with invoices attached.
Other emails we send we put in tracking so that we can tell how much traffic those emails send to our site but we do not
know who has clicked so the data is anonymous e.g. our daily newsletter. Some emails we can track, at an individual level,
whether the user has opened and clicked on the email. We rarely use the latter information at a personal level, rather
we use it to understand open and click rates on our emails to try and improve them. Sometimes we do use the personal information e.g.
to re-email people who didn’t click the first time. If you want to be sure that none of your email activity is tracked then you should opt
out of emails.
If you have any questions about privacy please contact us at sales@gps.co.uk
POLICIES
Terms & Conditions > Returns Policy > Repairs, Returns & Wiring > Privacy & Cookies Policy > Shipping > Approval Numbers > Links >
FIND US ON...
MENDELSSOHN PILOT SUPPLIES
49-51 COLINTON ROAD
EDINBURGH
EH10 5DH
UK E Mail: sales@gps.co.uk
Tel: +44 (0) 131 447 7777
FAX: +44 (0) 131 452 9004
PAYMENTS
TRUSTED
SECURE