https://www.sunshinejoy.com/privacy-policy
GOOD VIBE GIFTS
My Account
Register
Login
Wish List (0)
Shopping Cart
Checkout
×
Store owners - Please log in to see wholesale pricing
Privacy Policy
Privacy Policy
This privacy policy covers the site https://sunshinejoy.com.Because we want to demonstrate our commitment to our users privacy, we disclose the following information.What personally identifiable information Sunshine Joy collects.What personally identifiable information third parties collect through the Web site.What organization collects the information.How Sunshine Joy uses the information.With whom Sunshine Joy may share user information.What choices are available to users regarding collection, use and distribution of the information.What types of security procedures are in place to protect the loss, misuse or alteration of information under Sunshine Joy control.How users can correct any inaccuracies in the information. Customers can edit or delete personal data from our website here.Information Collection and UseSunshine Joy is the sole owner of the information collected on our web site. Sunshine Joy collects information at several different points on our Web site. Information is collected for the purpose of providing a better shopping experience to our customers. Users have the option to participate in this activity for the purposes of maintaining and securing our site and enhancing our site and product offerings. A user must provide the click stream information (internet protocol address, internet service provider, platform type, date/time stamp, operating system), http protocol information (last uri requested and browser type), interaction information (browser interaction such as when the mouse moves over an image), interactive data (account activity and searches performed), state management mechanisms (data allowing a user to be tracked consistently), content (email content and bulletin board postings), interactive data (account activity and searches performed), search terms (search text) and transaction information (account transactions). The reason we use this information is to complete the current transaction, enhance our site and product offerings and maintain and secure our site. We retain this information as stated by our business practices.We may disclose to third party services certain personally identifiable information listed below:information you provide us such as name, email, mobile phone numberinformation we collect as you access and use our service, including device information, location and network carrierThis information is shared with third party service providers so that we can:personalize the app for you perform behavioral analyticsCookiesCookies must be enabled to purchase online on this store to embrace privacy and security related issues regarding your visit to this site.By enabling cookie support on your browser, the communication between you and this site is strengthened to be certain it is you who are making transactions on your own behalf, and to prevent leakage of your privacy information.A cookie is a piece of data stored on the user's computer tied to information about the user. For the session ID cookie, once users close the browser, the cookie simply terminates. A persistent cookie is a small text file stored on the user's hard drive for an extended period of time. Persistent cookies can be removed by following Internet browser help file directions. You can set your browser to notify you to either accept or deny the cookie accordingly.ProfilesSunshine Joy does not create a user profile.Communications from the SiteSunshine Joy may use contact information to contact users regarding an order.Sharing InformationLegal Disclaimer Though we make every effort to preserve user privacy, we may need to disclose personal information when required by law wherein we have a good-faith belief that such action is necessary to comply with a current judicial proceeding, a court order or legal process served on our Web site.Personally Identifiable InformationPersonally identifiable information is not shared with any third parties.Aggregate Information (non-personally identifiable)Aggregate information is not shared with any third parties.Data SecuritySunshine Joy has physical security in our facilities to protect against the loss, misuse, or alteration of information. Our company uses secure encryption technology (secure socket connection) for all sensitive financial or health data transmitted on our site.Visitors Under 13 Years of AgeSunshine Joy does not knowingly collect personally identifiable information online from a child under 13 since our site is not directed at children.Correcting / Updating / Deleting / Deactivating Personal InformationIf a user's personally identifiable information changes (such as zip code, phone, email or postal address) they can change online, physical contact, and other information. If a user wishes to correct/update information or no longer desires our service, they can notify us of what they desire by contacting us using any of the information in the Contact section of this policy.USA Patriot ActOn December 13th 2003 US President George W. Bush signed into law portions of the expanded USA Patriot Act (Intelligence Authorization Act for Fiscal Year 2004). The Act included a simple, yet insidious, redefinition of "financial institution," which previously referred to banks, but now includes stockbrokers, car dealerships, casinos, credit card companies, insurance agencies, jewelers, airlines, the U.S. Post Office, and any other business "whose cash transactions have a high degree of usefulness in criminal, tax, or regulatory matters." In other words, even though I claim that you have privacy, the US Federal government can demand that I supply your information to them at any time, without a warrant, and that I can not tell you or I will face criminal prosecution (yes, those are really the rules). Actually, if you read the law you have no privacy. You should be aware of it and that we have no control over it at all. So, besides that, we will continue to do all we can to protect your privacy in every other way.Links and AdvertisementsOur website contains links to other sites. We do not partner with or have special relationships with any ad server companies. We, Sunshine Joy, are not responsible for the privacy practices or the content of any other web sites. We encourage our users to be aware when they leave our site and to read the privacy statements of each and every Web site that collects personally identifiable information. This privacy statement applies solely to information collected by this Web site.Changes to the Privacy StatementThe information you submit to us is controlled by the privacy policy in effect at the time you submit it. If we significantly change our policy, we will only apply the change to data collected after the change is made.Contact InformationSunshine JoyPO Box 12Woonsocket RI 02895 USAE-Mail:  info@sunshinejoy.comTelephone: 401-769-8800Resolving Privacy Policy DisputesIf you think we have not followed our privacy policy in some way, it can be resolved in the following manner. Send your comments and questions to info@sunshinejoy.com