https://www.ceramicsofeurope.com/privacy-notice.html
Menu
Home
New Products
Specials
My Account
Contact Us
Privacy Notice
Privacy Policy
Ceramics of Europe has adopted this Privacy Statement in order to inform you of its policies with respect to information collected from this website. Your use of this website constitutes your acceptance of this Privacy Statement and your consent to the practices it describes.
Information Collected on ceramicsofeurope.com
Automatic Collection of Anonymous Information
When you visit the Ceramics of Europe website, like when you visit most other websites, certain anonymous information about your visit is automatically logged, which may include information about the type of browser you use, the server name and IP address through which you access the internet (such as “aol.com” or “earthlink.net”), the date and time you access the site, the pages you access while at the Ceramics of Europe website, and the internet address of the website, if any, from which you linked directly to the Ceramics of Europe site. This information is not personally identifiable.
Personally Identifiable Information
Personally Identifiable Information is any information that concerns you individually and would permit someone to contact you, for example, your name, address, telephone/fax number, social security number, email address or any information you submitted to ceramicsofeurope.com that identifies you individually.
Ceramicsofeurope.com will not collect any personally identifiable information about you unless you provide it. Therefore, if you do not want ceramicsofeurope.com to obtain any personally identifiable information about you, do not submit it.
You can visit and browse the Ceramics of Europe website without revealing personally identifiable information about yourself. You may also choose to disclose personally identifiable information about yourself, which may be maintained as described below. Ceramicsofeurope.com may collect personally identifiable information about you from its website by methods such as the following:
Registration Forms - If you are offered the opportunity to enter a promotion, to become a registered user of the Ceramics of Europe website, or to opt-in to receive Ceramics of Europe information through another site, you must apply by filling out the registration form on the site. This form requires certain personally identifiable information that may include, without limitation, your name, email address, postal address, telephone number, areas of interest, product usage, and/or a unique individual password.
Transactions and Activity - If you become a registered user or if you conduct transactions through the Ceramics of Europe website, ceramicsofeurope.com collects information about the transactions you engage in while on the website and your other activity on the site. This information may include, without limitation, areas of the website that you visit, transaction type, content that you view, download or submit, transaction amount, payment, shipping and billing information as well as the nature, quantity and price of the goods or services you exchange and the individuals or entities with whom you communicate or transact business.
Email and other voluntary communications - You may also choose to communicate with ceramicsofeurope.com through email, via our website, by telephone, in writing, or though other means. We collect the information in these communications, and such information may be personally identifiable.
Information Use
Ceramicsofeurope.com may use the personally identifiable information collected through its website primarily for such purposes as:
helping to establish and verify the identity of users;
opening, maintaining, administering and servicing users' accounts or memberships;
processing, servicing or enforcing transactions and sending related communications;
providing services and support to users;
improving the website, including tailoring it to users' preferences;
providing users with product or service updates, promotional notices and offers, and other information about Ceramics of Europe and its affiliates;
responding to your questions inquiries, comments and instructions;
maintaining the security and integrity of its systems.
Ceramicsofeurope.com uses the anonymous browsing information collected automatically by its servers primarily to help it administer and improve its website. Ceramicsofeurope.com may also use aggregated anonymous information to provide information about its website to advertisers, potential business partners and other unaffiliated entities. Again, this information is not personally identifiable.
Disclosure of Information
Ceramicsofeurope.com does not provide personally identifiable information to unaffiliated third parties for their use in marketing directly to you. Ceramics of Europe may use unaffiliated companies to help it maintain and operate its website or for other reasons related to the operation of its business, and those companies may receive your personally identifiable information for that purpose. Ceramics of Europe may also disclose personally identifiable information about you in connection with legal requirements, such as in response to an authorized subpoena, governmental request or investigation, or as otherwise permitted by law. Finally, as Ceramics of Europe's business develops, it may sell or buy corporate assets, and in such transactions customer information may be one of the transferred business assets. If Ceramics of Europe, its internet businesses, or substantially all of its assets, is acquired, customer information may be one of the assets transferred.
Children's Privacy
This website is directed toward and designed for use by persons aged 18 or older. Ceramicsofeurope.com will not approve applications of, or establish or maintain accounts or memberships for, any child whom ceramicsofeurope.com knows to be under the age of 18. Ceramicsofeurope.com does not solicit or knowingly collect personally identifiable information from children under the age of 18. If ceramicsofeurope.com nevertheless discovers that it has received personally identifiable information from an individual who indicates that he or she is, or whom Ceramics of Europe otherwise has reason to believe is, under the age of 18, ceramicsofeurope.com will delete such information from its systems. Additionally, a child's parent or legal guardian may request that the child's information be corrected or deleted from ceramicsofeurope.com's files by contacting us at customersvc@ceramicsofeurope.com.
“Cookies” and Advertisers
The Ceramics of Europe website's server, or the servers of companies that are used to operate this site, may place a “cookie” on your computer in order to allow you to use the website and to personalize your experience.
A “cookie” is a small piece of data that can be sent by a web server to your computer, which then may be stored by your browser on your computer's hard drive. Cookies allow ceramicsofeurope.com to recognize your computer while you are on its website and help customize your online experience and make it more convenient for you. Cookies are also useful in allowing more efficient log-in for users, tracking transaction histories and preserving information between sessions. The information collected from cookies may also be used to improve the functionality of the website.
The advertisers and/or other content providers that may appear on this website may also use cookies that are not sent by the Ceramics of Europe website. Such ads or content may contain cookies that help track and target the interests of users of this website in order to present “personalized” advertisements or other messages that the user might find interesting. Ceramics of Europe is not responsible for any such cookies.
Most web browser applications (such as Microsoft Internet Explorer and Netscape Navigator) have features that can notify you when you receive a cookie or prevent cookies from being sent. If you disable cookies, however, you may not be able to use certain personalized functions of this website.
External Links
The Ceramics of Europe website may contain links to other websites, including those of advertisers or third party content providers who offer downloads on ceramicsofeurope.com. Please be aware that Ceramics of Europe is not responsible for the privacy practices or the content of other websites. Websites that are accessible by hyperlinks from the Ceramics of Europe website may use cookies. Ceramics of Europe encourages you to read the privacy statements provided by other websites before you provide personally identifiable information to them.
Security
Ceramicsofeurope.com maintains physical, electronic, and procedural safeguards to help guard personally identifiable information. If transactions are offered on the site, transaction information is transmitted to and from ceramicsofeurope.com in encrypted form using industry-standard Secure Sockets Layer (SSL) connections to help protect such information from interception. Ceramicsofeurope.com restricts authorized access to your personal information to those persons who have a legitimate purpose to know that information to provide products or services to you and those persons you have authorized to have access to such information. Please be aware, however, that any email or other transmission you send through the internet cannot be completely protected against unauthorized interception.
Choice/Opt-Out
In order to provide service to you, ceramicsofeurope.com will send you communications related to your transactions, security or the administration of its website. From time to time, ceramicsofeurope.com and its affiliates may also wish to send you other messages or updates about ceramicsofeurope.com, its affiliates, or their promotions and other activities. If you would prefer not to receive future email communications from ceramicsofeurope.com and its affiliates, an unsubscribe link is provided on every communication you receive from ceramicsofeurope.com. Or you may send an email containing your request to customersvc@ceramicsofeurope.com.
Data Quality/Access
Ceramicsofeurope.com allows you to change, update, or delete the information you may provide in your optional registration form. If you would like to change, update, or delete your personal information, please send an email containing your request to service@ceramicsofeurope.com.
Changes to this Privacy Policy
Ceramicsofeurope.com reserves the right to modify or supplement this policy at any time. If a material change to the terms of this policy is made, ceramicsofeurope.com will post a notice on its homepage and a link to the new policy.
Contacting Us
If you have questions about this privacy statement, the information practices of ceramicsofeurope.com or your dealings with ceramicsofeurope.com, please contact Ceramics of Europe, 84 Buena Vista Terrace, San Francisco, CA 94117.
Copyright © 2013 Ceramics of Europe. All trade marks registered. All rights reserved.
In accordance with laws governing literary and artistic property rights or other similar rights, the reproduction or redistribution of the elements that make up the Ceramics of Europe website, in whole or in part, is strictly prohibited.
All of the brands cited herein are registered trademarks.
Ceramics of Europe is happy to welcome you to its website. While Ceramics of Europe has endeavoured to ensure the accuracy of the information accessed via the website, Ceramics of Europe does not guarantee or give any warranty as to the accuracy, timeliness or completeness of any information or material on the website, and declines all responsibility for technical inaccuracies or other errors. Ceramics of Europe declines all responsibility for any difficulties encountered in accessing the site or for any communication line failure.
Effective date: November 16, 2003
Categories
Delfino
Fondo
Frutta
Galletto Verde
Primavera
Ricco Deruta
Vario Fiore
Vario Montigiani Carmelo
Shop by Price
Information
About Us
Contact Us
Frequently Asked Questions
Privacy Notice