http://www.flightsuits.com/privacy-policy
Gibson & Barnes Privacy Policy
What This Privacy Policy Covers
This policy covers how Gibson & Barnes treats personal information that Gibson & Barnes collects and receives, including information related to your past use of products and services. Personal information is information about you that is personally identifiable like your name, address, email address, or phone number, and that is not otherwise publicly available.
Information Collection and Use
Gibson & Barnes collects personal information when you register and/or use or purchase products or services, when you visit Gibson & Barnes pages or the pages found on our other Websites directly affilated and controlled by the Gibson & Barnes.
When you register for various Products and/or Services through Gibson & Barnes Websites we ask for information such as your name, e-mail address, physical address, and zip code.
For some products and services we may also ask for your credit card number and other billing information. Once you register with Gibson & Barnes and sign in to our services, you are not anonymous to us.
Gibson & Barnes collects information about your transactions with us to provide shopping and various services to you.
Gibson & Barnes automatically receives and records information on our server logs from your browser, including your IP address, cookie information, and the pages you request during your visit to the Gibson & Barnes Websites.
Gibson & Barnes uses information for the following general purposes: to customize the advertising and content you see, fulfill your requests for products and services, improve our services, contact you, conduct research, and provide anonymous reporting for internal use only.
Gibson & Barnes does not rent, sell, or share personal information about you with other people or nonaffiliated companies, except to provide products or services you’ve requested and when we have your permission.
We will not send you unsolicited advertisements or solicitations without providing you the opportunity to decline to receive them.
However, we reserve the right to send you certain communications, such as service announcements, administrative messages and Purchase Invoices, that relate to or are part of products or services you have purchased or agreed to obtain from Gibson & Barnes, without offering you the opportunity to opt-out of receiving the communications.
Children
Children under the age of 18 are not permitted to register and/or purchase products or services through the Gibson & Barnes website.
Cookies
Cookies are small pieces of data that are stored on a computer.
Gibson & Barnes may set and access cookies on your computer only for the purpose of providing services through our Website, to customize the advertising and content you see, and provide anonymous reporting for internal use only. For example, Gibson & Barnes might set a cookie on your computer so that the next time you visit our Website the information and/or content displayed could be customized according to selections you made the last time you visited the site. You can refuse to accept cookies and can remove them from your computer.
Confidentiality and Security
We limit access to personal information about you to employees who we believe reasonably need to come into contact with that information to provide products and/or services to you or in order to do their jobs.
We have physical, electronic, and procedural safeguards that comply with federal regulations to protect personal information about you.
Changes to the Privacy Policy
Gibson & Barnes may update this policy at anytime. We will notify you about significant changes in the way we treat personal information by sending a notice to the primary email address submitted to Gibson & Barnes and/or by placing a prominent notice on our site.
Gibson & Barnes
Internet – Privacy Policy Issues
1-800-440-5904
Jump to Top
© Copyright 2020, Flight Suits. All rights reserved. Call us Today at 1-800-440-5904 |Privacy Policy
Site by Refresh Redux