http://www.quiltsmith.com.au/terms-and-conditions
Toggle navigation
Home
Shops
The Liberty Gallery
Art Gallery Fabrics
EPP Designer Shop
Jen Kingwell Designs
The Habby Store
Thread Shop
Wadding
Pattern and Book Shop
Treasure Trove - Clearance Fabric
BOMs
Newsletter
FAQs
Contact
0 ITEMS - $0.00
AND SEW IT BEGINS
sign in
sign up
Keyword Search
Colour Search
x
x
Terms & ConditionsWelcome to our website. If you continue to browse and use this website you are agreeing to comply with and be bound by the following disclaimer, together with our terms and conditions of use.
The information contained in this website is for general information purposes only and is provided by Quiltsmith. While we endeavour to keep the information up to date and correct, we make no representations or warranties of any kind, express or implied, about the completeness, accuracy, reliability, suitability or availability with respect to the website or the information, products, services, or related graphics contained on the website for any purpose. Any reliance you place on such information is therefore strictly at your own risk. You need to make your own enquiries to determine if the information or products are appropriate for your intended use.
In no event will we be liable for any loss or damage including without limitation, indirect or consequential loss or damage, or any loss or damage whatsoever arising from loss of data or profits arising out of, or in connection with, the use of this website.
Through this website you may be able to link to other websites which are not under the control of Quiltsmith. We have no control over the nature, content and availability of those websites. The inclusion of any links does not necessarily imply a recommendation or endorse the views expressed within them.
Every effort is made to keep the website up and running smoothly. However, Quiltsmith takes no responsibility for, and will not be liable for, the website being temporarily unavailable due to technical issues beyond our control.
COPYRIGHT NOTICEThis website and its contents are the copyright of Quiltsmith – © 2016. All rights reserved.
Any redistribution or reproduction of part or all of the contents in any form is prohibited other than the following. You may print or download contents to a local hard disk for your personal and non-commercial use only. You may copy some extracts only to individual third parties for their personal use, but only if you acknowledge the website as the source of the material.
You may not, except with our express written permission, distribute or commercially exploit the content. You may not transmit it or store it on any other website or other form of electronic retrieval system.
PLEASE READ THESE TERMS AND CONDITIONS OF USE CAREFULLY BEFORE USING THIS WEBSITE.Welcome to our website. If you continue to browse and use this website you are agreeing to comply with and be bound by the following terms and conditions of use, which together with our privacy policy and website disclaimer, govern Quiltsmith's relationship with you in relation to your use of this website.
By using this website, you signify your acceptance of these terms and conditions of use. For the purposes of these terms and conditions, “Us”, “Our” and “We” refers to Quiltsmith and “You” and “Your” refers to you, the client, visitor, website user or person using our website. Working days means Monday to Friday, excludes Public Holidays and periods when Quiltsmith is closed as stated on the website.
AMENDMENT OF TERMSWe reserve the right to change, modify, add or remove portions of these terms at any time. Please check these terms regularly prior to using our website to ensure you are aware of any changes. We will endeavour to highlight any significant or substantive changes to you where possible. If you choose to use our website then we will regard that use as conclusive evidence of your agreement and acceptance that these terms govern your and Quiltsmith’s rights and obligations to each other.LIMITATION OF LIABILITYIt is an essential pre-condition to you using our website that you agree and accept that Quiltsmith is not legally responsible for any loss or damage you might suffer related to your use of the website, whether from errors or from omissions in our documents or information, any goods or services we may offer or from any other use of the website. This includes your use or reliance on any third party content, links, comments or advertisements. Your use of, or reliance on, any information or materials on this website is entirely at your own risk, for which we shall not be liable.
It shall be your own responsibility to ensure that any products, services or information available through this website meet your specific, personal requirements. You acknowledge that such information and materials may contain inaccuracies or errors and we expressly exclude liability for any such inaccuracies or errors to the fullest extent permitted by law.COMPETITION AND CONSUMER ACTFor the purposes of Schedule 2 of the Australian Consumer Law, in particular Sections 51 to 53, 64 and 64A of Part 3-2, Division 1, Subdivision A of the Competition and Consumer Act 2010 (Cth), Quiltsmith’s liability for any breach of a term of this agreement is limited to: the supplying of the goods or services to you again; the replacement of the goods; or the payment of the cost of having the goods or services supplied to you again.
You must be over 18 years of age to use this website and to purchase any goods or services.DELIVERY OF GOODSPhysical goods may be delivered domestically or internationally by Australia Post and/or other reputable courier companies. Deliveries are processed promptly upon receipt of full payment. Delivery may take between 2 and 28 days, depending on the delivery option. Damaged or lost orders should be resolved with Australia Post or the courier company directly and we are not responsible for goods that are damaged in transit or not received. Replacement of damaged or lost items is made at the discretion of Quiltsmith.
Digital goods are delivered immediately. Please be aware there are inherent risks associated with downloading any software and digital goods. Should you have any technical problems downloading any of our goods, please contact us so we may try to assist you.
If you select to pick up your order from the Shop, you need to collect your goods, during Shop opening hours, within 15 Working Days of receipt of full payment. The Shop is located at 75 Nelson Street Annandale NSW 2038.
If you do not collect your goods within this time Quiltsmith has the right to deliver the goods in accordance with our normal delivery practices, and to charge you for the cost of the delivery. This payment will be made by the same method that you made payment. All deliveries are made at the discretion of Quiltsmith.RETURNS AND REFUNDSQuiltsmith handles returns and processes refunds in accordance with the Australian Consumer Protection legislation.
Should you wish to return your order, please notify us within seven working days of purchase with a valid reason for the return.
Fabric and books can only be returned if they are faulty. Patterns and kits can only be returned if unopened. If we are unable to resolve your complaint or further assist you, we will process a refund upon timely receipt of the goods purchased. Unopened goods will be refunded in full. Refunds will be processed promptly and payment made by the same method that you made payment. All refunds are made at the discretion of Quiltsmith.LINKS TO OTHER WEBSITESQuiltsmith may from time to time provide on its website, links to other websites, advertisements and information on those websites for your convenience. This does not necessarily imply sponsorship, endorsement, or approval or arrangement between Quiltsmith and the owners of those websites. Quiltsmith takes no responsibility for any of the content found on the linked websites.
Quiltsmith’s website may contain information or advertisements provided by third parties for which Quiltsmith accepts no responsibility whatsoever for any information or advice provided to you directly by third parties. We are making a ‘recommendation’ only and are not providing any advice nor do we take any responsibility for any advice received in this regard.DISCLAIMERTo the fullest extent permitted by law, Quiltsmith absolutely disclaims all warranties, expressed or implied, including, but not limited to, implied warranties of merchantability and fitness for any particular purpose. Quiltsmith gives no warranty that the documents, goods or services will be free of errors, or that defects will be corrected, or that our website or its server is free of viruses or any other harmful components.
Whilst we, at all times endeavour to have the most accurate, reliable and up-to-date information on our website, we do not warrant or make any representations regarding the use or the result of the use of any document, product, service, link or information in its website or as to their correctness, suitability, accuracy, reliability, or otherwise.
It is your sole responsibility and not the responsibility of Quiltsmith to bear any and all costs of servicing, repairs, or correction. The applicable law in your state or territory may not permit these exclusions, particularly the exclusions of some implied warranties. Some of the above may not apply to you but you must ensure you are aware of any risk you may be taking by using this website or any products or services that may be offered through it. It is your responsibility to do so.YOUR PRIVACYAt Quiltsmith, we are committed to protecting your privacy. We use the information we collect about you to maximize the services that we provide to you. Quiltsmith respects the privacy and confidentiality of the information provided by you and adheres to the Australian Privacy Principles. Please read our separate Privacy Policy carefully.
You may change your details at any time by advising us in writing via email. All information we receive from our customers, is protected by our secure servers. Quiltsmith’s secure server software encrypts all customer information before it is sent to us. Furthermore, all of the customer data Quiltsmith collects is secured against unauthorized use or access. Credit card information is not stored by us on our servers.THIRD PARTIESQuiltsmith does not and will not sell or deal in personal or customer information. We may however use in a general sense without any reference to your name, your information to create marketing statistics, identify user demands and to assist it in meeting customer needs generally. In addition, we may use the information that you provide to improve its website and its services but not for any other use.DISCLOSE YOUR INFORMATIONQuiltsmith may be required, in certain circumstances, to disclose information in good faith and where Quiltsmith is required to do so in the following circumstances: by law or by any court; to enforce the terms of any of our customer agreements; or to protect the rights, property or safety of our customers or third parties.EXCLUSION OF COMPETITORSIf you are in the business of creating similar documents, goods or services for the purpose of providing them for a fee to users, whether they be business users or domestic users, then you are a competitor of Quiltsmith. Quiltsmith expressly excludes and does not permit you to use or access our website, to download any documents or information from its website or obtain any such documents or information through a third party. If you breach this term then Quiltsmith will hold you fully responsible for any loss that we may sustain and further hold you accountable for all profits that you might make from such unpermitted and improper use. Quiltsmith reserves the right to exclude and deny any person access to our website, services or information in our sole discretion.COPYRIGHT, TRADEMARK AND RESTRICTIONS OF USEThis website contains material which is owned by or licensed to us. This material includes, but is not limited to, the design, layout, look, appearance, trademarks and graphics. You are not permitted to reproduce the documents, information or materials on the website for the purposes of sale or the use by any third party. In particular you are not permitted to republish, upload, transmit electronically or otherwise or distribute any of the materials, documents or products that may be available for download from time to time on this website.
Quiltsmith expressly reserves all copyright and trademark in all documents, information and materials on our website and we reserve the right to take action against you if you breach any of these terms.
Any redistribution or reproduction of part or all of the contents in any form is prohibited other than the following: you may print or download to a local hard disk extracts for your personal and non-commercial use only; and you may copy the content to individual third parties for their personal use, but only if you acknowledge the website as the source of the material.
You may not, except with our express written permission, distribute or commercially exploit the content. Nor may you transmit it or store it in any other website or other form of electronic retrieval system.WHOLE AGREEMENTThese terms and conditions represent the whole agreement between you and Quiltsmith concerning your use and access to Quiltsmith’s website and your use and access to the documents and information on it. No other term is to be included in this agreement except where it is required to be included by any legislation of the Commonwealth or any State or Territory. All implied terms except those implied by statute and which cannot be expressly excluded are hereby expressly excluded.EXCLUSION OF UNENFORCEABLE TERMSWhere any clause or term above would by any applicable statute be illegal, void, or unenforceable in any State or Territory then such a clause shall not apply in that State or Territory and shall be deemed never to have been included in these terms and conditions in that State or Territory. Such a clause if legal and enforceable in any other State or Territory shall continue to be fully enforceable and part of this agreement in those other States and Territories. The deemed exclusion of any term pursuant to this paragraph shall not affect or modify the full enforceability and construction of the other clauses of these terms and conditions.JURISDICTIONThis agreement and this website are subject to the laws of New South Wales and Australia. If there is a dispute between you and Quiltsmith that results in litigation then you must submit to the jurisdiction of the courts of New South Wales.
Home
BOMs
Classes
Events
FAQs
Contact Us
Submit Your Work
Terms & Conditions
Privacy Policy
P O Box 73 Broadway, Sydney, NSW, AUSTRALIA, 2007+61 2 9692 8190.
ABN 45 416 736 641
SIGN IN
Email*
Password*
forgot password
Sign in
Close
Reset Your Password
Email*
please wait...
sign in
Reset Password
Close
SIGN UP
The email address you have entered is already associated with an account.
Email*
Sign up to our free newsletter
Password*
Confirm Password*
Thank you for signing up with Quiltsmith, a verification email has been sent to your nominated email address. Please click the link in the email to verify your account.
Sign Up
Close
Block of the Month - Terms
ImportantEach Block of the Month Quilt will have different requirements, such as cost, the number of months the Quilt runs for, the dates they are sent out, so please read the details of each quilt description carefully. Payment is easiest by credit card, which is debited monthly. Payment by cheque is accepted provided the first payment covers three months. When you join a Block of the Month Quilt you are committing yourself for the full length of that programme.
Close
SIGN UP TO OUR NEWSLETTER
Sign up to our newsletter
Sign up today to stay up-to-date with our fantastic range of fabrics and courses and to receive great offers!
Subscribe
Close