https://www.avalon-guns.com/terms-and-conditions/
Home
/
Terms and Conditions
Terms and Conditions
About Us
This web site is owned and operated by Avalon Guns Ltd who are completely dedicated to your total satisfaction. If you have any suggestions or comments or if you need to contact us, please email us using the link on the store page or use the details below.
Our Contact details:Avalon Guns Ltd191 High Street Street Somerset BA16 0NE United KingdomPhone: 01458 447505Fax:Email: nick [at] avalon-guns [dot] com
VAT REG NO. 422 9837 36
COMPANY NO. 5683439
Making A Purchase
Making a purchase could not be easier. Just browse our store, and add any items that you wish to buy into the shopping cart. After you have finished your selection, click on 'Checkout' and you will be asked for a few details that we need to be able to complete the order.
We accept card payments. If you are shopping from North America or anywhere else, place your order and your card company will convert the transaction to US Dollars or your own currency.
We accept Visa and MasterCard.
If you have made a mistake in your order and cannot correct it in the shopping cart, contact us and we will correct the mistake.
When confirmation of your order is received, this is to indicate that we have received your order. It does not indicate that a contract exists between us. We will indicate acceptance of your order, and hence a contract between us, when we send you an invoice. We have included this term to protect us in the case that a mistake has been made in pricing, we have inadvertently under-priced goods, or we are no longer able to supply a particular product for some reason. In the case of a change of price, we will always contact you first to ensure that the price is acceptable.
Delivery Schedule
Orders are usually despatched within five working days (and often within two days) of placing the order. Small packages are sent royal mail first class recorded delivery and large items are shipped by courier. All deliveries will require a signature.
Gun cabinets from two to five gun capacities, unless special delivery is arranged with a member of the mail order sales team, usually ship within ten working days. Larger cabinets ship in approximately 3 weeks.
Books included in the best sellers’ category are usually despatched within 5 working days; those, which are not, usually ship within ten.
Uk orders are normally received in 14 business days. International orders are generally received in less than 28 days.
Back Orders
If your item is not in stock, we will back order for you. You will always be emailed with the option to cancel your order if you would rather not wait.
Tax Charges
For orders made from the UK or the European Union, 20% VAT is added. All other orders are VAT free.
Credit Card Security
When the order is placed at our website, credit card numbers are encrypted using 128 bit encryption. They are only decrypted after they reach our computer. They are not held in clear text on any web site.
Guarantee
We guarantee your satisfaction. <All of our products come with a 30 day no quibble guarantee.>
Reaching Us
If you need to reach us, please email us using the link on the store page, alternatively, you can call on 01458 447505 (International +44 01458 447505) or fax us on or write to us at 191 High Street Street Somerset BA16 0NE United Kingdom
Privacy Policy & GDPR
Effective 20 May 2018
Privacy Notice Table Of Contents:
Our Commitment To Privacy The Information We Collect How We Use Information Our Commitment To Data Security Our Commitment To Children's Privacy How To Access Or Correct Your Information How To Contact Us
Our Commitment To Privacy
Your privacy is important to us. To better protect your privacy we provide this notice explaining our online information practices and the choices you can make about the way your information is collected and used. To make this notice easy to find, we make it available on our homepage and at every point where personally identifiable information may be requested.
The Information We Collect:
This notice applies to all information collected or submitted on this website. On some pages, you can order products, make requests, and register to receive materials. The types of personal information collected at these pages are:
Name Address Email address Phone number
On some pages, you can submit information about other people. For example, if you order a gift online and want it sent directly to the recipient, you will need to submit the recipient's address. In this circumstance, the types of personal information collected are:
Name Address Phone Number
We also allow you to apply for finance. The types of personal information collected are:
Name Address Phone Number Email Address Job Title Employment History Date of Birth Financial Details
The Information We DONT Collect:
Credit/Debit Card Information - This is a service offered by Worldpay – you have the option of storing your card details for future use, details are stored encrypted and tokenised by Worldpay – Your card details cannot be deciphered once encrypted.
The Way We Use Information:
We use the information you provide about yourself when placing an order only to complete that order. We do not share this information with outside parties except to the extent necessary to complete that order. – For example Royal Mail, Parcelforce.
We use the information you provide about someone else when placing an order only to ship the product and to confirm delivery. We do not share this information with outside parties except to the extent necessary to complete that order. – For example Royal Mail, Parcelforce.
We use return email addresses to answer the email we receive. Such addresses are not used for any other purpose and are not shared with outside parties.
Information we collect for finance applications is used only for the purpose of Credit Checks through Callcredit Limited.
We use non-identifying and aggregate information to better design our website and to share with advertisers. For example, we may tell an advertiser that X number of individuals visited a certain area on our website, or that Y number of men and Z number of women filled out our registration form, but we would not disclose anything that could be used to identify those individuals.
Finally, we never use or share the personally identifiable information provided to us online in ways unrelated to the ones described above without also providing you an opportunity to opt-out or otherwise prohibit such unrelated uses.
Our Commitment To Data Security
To prevent unauthorized access, maintain data accuracy, and ensure the correct use of information, we have put in place appropriate physical, electronic, and managerial procedures to safeguard and secure the information we collect online.
Our Commitment To Children's Privacy:
Protecting the privacy of the young is especially important. For that reason, we never collect or maintain information at our website from those we actually know are under 16, and no part of our website is structured to attract anyone under 16.
How You Can Access Or Correct Your Information
You can access all your personally identifiable information that we collect online and maintain by calling us or sending us an email. We use this procedure to better safeguard your information.
You can correct factual errors in your personally identifiable information by sending us a request that credibly shows error.
To protect your privacy and security, we will also take reasonable steps to verify your identity before granting access or making corrections.
How To Contact Us
Should you have other questions or concerns about these privacy policies, please contact us.
Returns Policy
We offer your standard rights. We will be happy to refund or exchange items, which are returned to us within 14 days of purchase, providing they have not been used or worn. Please return the goods to:
ReturnsAvalon Guns Ltd191 High StreetStreetSomersetBA16 0NE
Please include a brief note including the full name and address of the person who placed the order so that we can find them on our database. Please note that (unless the return is due to a fault or error) we do not refund postage costs and postage will also be charged on any goods we send out in exchange.
Refunds - Refunds by Paypal may take 3-4 working days - Refunds to cards vary depending on the Schedule of the banks. We advise customers that we process refunds instantly but the time that it may take can be upto 14 days - Usually we see payments return in 3-4 working days or around 7 days during busy periods.
Sign up to our Newsletter
Information
About Us
Open Weekend 2019
Scholarship Programme
Avalon Mobile App
Terms & Conditions
Delivery & Returns
How To Find Us
Opening Times
Blog
Browning Age Lookup Tool
Beretta Age Lookup Tool
Contact Us
Brands
My Account
Log In
Register Account
Product Comparison
My Wishlist
My Basket
Checkout
Privacy Policy
Contact Us
Avalon Guns Street 191 High Street Street
Somerset BA16 0NE
+44(0)1458 447505
Avalon Guns MendipMendip Shooting GroundHaydon, Nr WellsBA5 3EH
+44(0)1749 673637
+44(0)1458 840020
© 2018 Avalon Guns Limited - Company Registration No.: 05683439 -
191 High Street, Street, Somerset, BA16 0NE. All Rights Reserved.
Avalon Guns Limited is acting as a credit broker offering finance products from Omni Capital Retail Finance Limited.
Avalon Guns Limited is authorised and regulated by the Financial Conduct Authority, registration number 05683439.
Credit is subject to status.