http://www.tonneaucoversworld.com/privacy-policy/
Connection: OfflineTonneau CoversAccessoriesBed LinersBrandsDealsSelect Your VehicleFinancing As Low As 0% withAffirmPrequalify NowSorry, something went wrong.
Please refresh this page and try again.Privacy PolicyTonneauCoversWorld Privacy Policy
Last Updated: January 1, 2020
Your privacy is very important to us. This Privacy Policy governs the use and disclosure of your Personal Information (as defined below) that we collect about you, including offline and on any websites or mobile websites, any mobile applications (e.g., iPhone applications, iPad applications, Android applications, etc.) and any other applications, interactive features, widgets and resources offered by through traditional Internet websites, mobile devices or other platforms where this policy is posted, including the website currently located at TonneauCoversWorld.com (each individually a “Site,” “TonneauCoversWorld Service,” or “Service”). This Privacy Policy also explains your choices for managing your information preferences, including opting out of certain uses of your Personal Information, as defined below.
1.
What Information We Collect
We, and our service providers acting on our behalf, may collect the following types of information that identifies, relates to, describes, could be associated with, or could be linked to you or your household (“Personal Information”):
Contact Information: For example, we may collect your name, address, zip code, telephone number, e-mail address, and any other information that you choose to provide to us when you create an account or contact us.
Product and Preference Information: For example, we may collect information about what products you purchase or search for, including the product brand, product line, LOT Code, purchase date, purchase price, and purchase location. We also collect information about warranty registrations related to your purchases.
We may collect information about your vehicle, such as make and model.
Transaction Information: We may collect your billing address and payment information, such as credit card number, debit card number, or any other financial information.
To help ensure the security of your payment and credit card information, we use a third-party processor for all our transactions.
Internet and Network Activity: We use cookies, web beacons, and other tracking tools to automatically collect information in connection with the actions you take on the Site, when you open our emails, and when you interact with our ads and content on other websites and platforms. We may automatically collect your IP address, the type of Web browser you use, your operating system, your Internet Service Provider, the pages you view on the Site, the content and products you browse on the Site, your searches on the Site, the referring URL you visited before coming to the Site, and the time and duration of your visits to the Site. We also collect information about whether you open and read our emails, and which of our ads or other online content you click on or interact with.
Employment-Related Information: If you apply for a job, we will collect information you submit with your application, which may include your work experience, education history, resume, the URL to your personal or professional websites, workplace skill sets and certifications, and any other information you choose to provide as part of your application materials.
If you apply for a job with us, you may voluntarily provide us with self-identifying information (such as veteran status, gender and ethnicity, and disability status).
Location Information.
We may infer a location based on your IP address.
Inferences. Using the other pieces of Personal Information collected about you, we draw inferences about you, reflecting what we believe to be your preferences, characteristics, predispositions, and attitudes.
2. How We Collect Information
We collect Personal Information about you from various sources, directly and indirectly, including the following:
Directly from you: For example, you may provide us with Personal Information when you register with the Site, make a purchase, use any of our Services, sign up for our email newsletters, register a warranty, apply for a job, or otherwise contact us. The decision to provide this information is optional. However, if you choose not to provide the requested information, you may not be able to make purchases or use some or all of the features of the Site or Services.
Automatically from your devices: We may use cookies (a small text file placed on your computer to identify your computer and browser), Web beacons (an electronic file placed on a Web site that monitors usage), and other tracking technologies to automatically collect information. Some of our Third-Party Providers and Advertisers (as such terms are defined below), may use their own cookies and Web beacons in connection with the services they perform on our behalf. This information is automatically collected any time you visit the Site, open our emails, or interact with our online advertising and other content.
From service providers we hire to work on our behalf:
We may get information from service providers we engage, such as those that host, protect, or maintain the Sites; send promotional emails for us; help us with customer communications and customer service; conduct research and analytics for us; or provide marketing and advertising services.
From other businesses:
Other parties may give us information about you. These other parties might include business and marketing partners and social media platforms that give us information they have collected either directly or indirectly from you.
We may also receive Employment-Related Information from a job network or social network if you choose to import your information from those platforms when applying for a job with us.
From other TonneauCoversWorld brands:
We may get information from our affiliates and subsidiaries.
We combine information: We may combine the information we receive from other parties with information we collect ourselves.
We combine information collected offline, such as information collected about you when you interact with our call center or at a consumer show, with information collected online. We also combine information collected across devices, such as computers and mobile devices.
3. How We Use Information
We may use Personal Information for the following purposes:
•
to provide you with the Site and Services,
•
to enable your transactions, such as fulfilling orders or otherwise communicating with you about your transactions
•
to maintain, operate, and improve the Site, our products, and the Services,
•
to customize and personalize your experience,
•
for marketing purposes, such as to tailor and send you information about new products or Services that we think you may be interested in (these may be for our own products and services or for another company’s products and services), and to serve you targeted advertising on other platforms and websites,
•
to respond to your requests and inquiries,
•
to conduct research and analyze the effectiveness of our marketing efforts and the Site,
•
for hiring purposes, such as to evaluate job applications,
•
to protect our company, affiliates, and customers from fraud or harmful or illegal activity,
•
to comply with our legal obligations and enforce our legal rights,
•
to verify requests made pursuant to this Privacy Policy, and
•
as we may otherwise notify you or get your consent from time to time.
We may use information that is not Personal Information for any lawful purpose.
4. We Share Information With Others
We may share your Personal Information as disclosed at the time we collect it, or otherwise with your consent, or as described below:
Within the TonneauCoversWorld family of companies.
We may share information with our parent company, Truck Hero Inc. and businesses controlling, controlled by, or under common control of Truck Hero. This includes our subsidiaries and affiliates. For more information visit Truck-Hero.com.
With our service providers for our own business and operational purposes. From time to time, we may share information with service providers, such as those who send emails for us, help us manage and operate the Site, process payments, process and fulfill orders, provide advertising or marketing services, provide analytics and search engine support, track advertising impressions, investigate and prevent fraud or illegal activity, provide physical and digital security services, audit our business and financial statements, provide legal advice, place our advertisements on other platforms, or perform other business functions on our behalf.
With our business partners and marketing companies. We might share information with other companies that co-sponsor a promotion or promote our products.
We may share information with, or make information available to, advertisers, search providers, and ad networks ("Advertisers"). Advertisers may collect and use information about your use of the Site or Services as well as other Web sites and services in order to provide advertisements about goods and services that may be of interest to you. Our Privacy Policy does not cover any use of information that an Advertiser may collect from you. Advertisements may be shown via the Site, the Services, or on third-party websites.
Some of these disclosures may be deemed a “sale” under certain state laws.
With other services and applications.
Through the Site and the Services, you may have the ability to elect to access other services and applications, such as Facebook and other social networks. Depending on your privacy settings, some of those services may provide us with information from your accounts, which may enable us to enhance and personalize your use of the Site and Services (e.g., so that you can follow your Facebook friends’ activity on the Site or Services). You may be able to control or block such sharing by changing your privacy settings in such services or applications.
Some of these disclosures may be deemed a “sale” under certain state laws.
To comply with the law or to protect ourselves, our customers and others. TonneauCoversWorld cooperates with government and law enforcement officials and private parties to enforce and comply with the law. We may disclose Personal Information and any other information about you to government or law enforcement officials or private parties if, in our discretion, we believe it is necessary or appropriate in order to respond to legal requests (including court orders and subpoenas), to protect the safety, property or rights of TonneauCoversWorld or of any third party, to prevent or stop any illegal, unethical, or legally actionable activity, or to comply with the law.
We might also share information when we are investigating potential fraud or illegal activity.
With a successor to all or part of our business. If TonneauCoversWorld is merged, acquired, or sold, or in the event of a transfer of some or all of our assets, we may disclose or transfer Personal Information in connection with such transaction. We may also share your information with others as they conduct diligence of our corporate changes.
For other reasons we may describe to you from time to time or as permitted by law.
We may share information that is not Personal Information with any other party for any lawful purpose.
5.
Your Choices; Communication Preferences
You can opt out of receiving marketing emails.
If you do not want to receive promotional messages about our products and services, you may unsubscribe from those emails by clicking the link in the footer of all promotional email messages. Alternatively, you may email TonneauCoversWorld customer service at any time and ask to be removed from our email list. It may take up to seven days for us to remove your email from our list. Even after that time, we may continue to send you email communications related to your transactions with us (e.g., emails regarding account notifications, purchases, billings, shipments, returns, customer support questions and similar information regarding your use of the Site and Services).
You can control cookies and tracking tools. Most Web browsers are initially set up to accept cookies. You can reset your Web browser to refuse or remove cookies or to indicate when a cookie is being sent. However, certain features of the Site or Services may not work if you delete or disable cookies.
Selections you make are device-specific and browser-specific, meaning that you may need to make your selections on each browser and on each device you use to access the Site.
About Our Ads / Interest-Based Advertising. We may work with network advertisers, ad agencies, analytics service providers, and other vendors to serve advertisements on the Site and in connection with the Services; to serve our advertisements elsewhere online; and to provide us with information regarding use of and traffic on the Site and in connection with the Services. These advertisements may be tailored based on information collected automatically (through tracking tools like cookies and web beacons) about your activities in connection with the Site and other Web sites you visit, over time and across different devices, and across the various Web sites and platforms you visit. If you would prefer not to have your online activity tracked for purposes of receiving interest-based advertising you can opt-out with the NAI Consumer Opt-Out tool or the About Ads option.
Do Not Track. Some Internet browsers may be configured to send “Do Not Track” signals to the online services that you visit. There is no consensus among industry participants as to what “Do Not Track” means in this context. Like many websites and online services, the Site and our Services do not alter their practices when we receive a “Do Not Track” signal from a visitor’s browser.
6.
Your California Rights Regarding Personal Information
If you are a California residents, you have certain rights with regard to your Personal Information:
•
Access / Portability – You
may request, up to two times every 12 months, that we disclose to you the following: (i) the categories of Personal Information that we have collected about you; (ii) the categories of sources from which we have collected Personal Information about you; (iii) the categories of Personal Information that we have disclosed about you for our business purposes in the last 12 months and the categories of third parties to whom the Personal Information was disclosed, by category or categories of Personal Information for each Third Party to whom the Personal Information was disclosed; and (v) the specific pieces of Personal Information that we have collected about you.
• Deletion – You have the right to request that we delete your Personal Information, subject to certain exceptions allowed under applicable law.
•
Opt-Out / Do Not Sell My Info –
The NAI Consumer Opt-Out gives you the right to request to opt-out of the Sale of your Personal Information to third parties. For purposes of this Privacy Policy, “sell” means the sale, rental, release, disclosure, dissemination, availability, transfer, or other oral, written, or electronic communication of your Personal Information by TonneauCoversWorld to a third party for monetary or other valuable consideration.
You will not be discriminated against for exercising the above rights.
You may exercise these rights by calling 1-800-882-0846 or for more information check out the CCPA Request Support. We may take reasonable steps to verify your identity prior to responding to your requests. Note that we may deny certain requests, or fulfill a request only in part, based on our legal rights and obligations.
For example, we may retain Personal Information as permitted by law, such as for tax or other record keeping purposes, to maintain an active account, and to process transactions and facilitate customer requests.
California residents may designate an authorized agent to make a request on their behalf.
When submitting the request, please ensure the authorized agent is identified as an authorized agent.
If you are a California resident exercising your above rights to Access, Deletion, and/or Sale Opt-Out, please note the following additional disclosures for purposes of exercising these rights:
If you are a California resident and wish to opt-out of our sharing of your information with third parties for the third parties' direct marketing purposes offline under California’s “Shine the Light” law, please submit your request through the CCPA Request Support form. You may also submit your request by email by sending your opt-out request to privacy@tonneaucoversworld.com or by mailing us at TonneauCoversWorld Attn: Customer Service – 4414 SW College Road, Suite 1410 Ocala, FL 34474. Please write “California Shine the Light” in the subject field of your email or include it in your written request. You must include your name, street address, city, state, and zip code. We are not responsible for notices that are not labeled or sent properly, or do not have complete information.
•
We collect the following categories of Personal Information as described under applicable California law: identifiers; commercial information; categories of personal information described in Cal. Civil Code section 1798.80(e); characteristics of protected classifications under California or federal law; professional or employment information; internet or other electronic network activity information; and inferences.
• We collect these categories of Personal Information directly from you, passively from your devices, from service providers, from our affiliates, and from certain other parties, as described in Section 2 above.
•
We use these categories of Personal Information for our own business and commercial purposes, as described in Section 3 above.
•
We share or disclose these categories of Personal Information for our business and commercial purposes as described in Section 4 above.
•
We may “sell” the following categories of Personal Information as defined by California law: identifiers; commercial information; categories of personal information described in Cal. Civil Code section 1798.80(e); internet or other electronic network activity information; and inferences.
7.
Security
TonneauCoversWorld recognizes the importance of safeguarding the confidentiality of your Personal Information. Accordingly, we employ commercially reasonable measures designed to protect your information from unauthorized access, disclosure and use. However, no data transmission over the Internet or other network can be guaranteed to be 100 percent secure. As a result, while we strive to protect information transmitted on or through the Site or Services, we cannot and do not guarantee the security of any information you transmit on or through the Site or Services, and you do so at your own risk.
8.
Children's Privacy
We do not knowingly collect Personal Information from children under the age of 16. If we become aware that we have inadvertently received Personal Information from an individual under the age of 16, we will delete such information from our records. In addition, we recommend that minors 16 years of age or older ask their parents for permission before sending any information about themselves to anyone over the Internet.
9.
Processing in the United States
This Site is intended only for users in the United States.
Please be aware that your Personal Information and communications may be transferred to and maintained on servers or databases located outside your state, province, or country. If you are located outside of the United States, please be advised that we process and store information in the United States. The laws in the United States may not be as protective of your privacy as those in your location. By using our Site or Services, you agree that the collection, use, transfer, and disclosure of your Personal Information and communications will be governed by the applicable laws in the United States.
10.
Privacy Policy Changes
From time to time, we may change the Privacy Policy. If we decide to change the Privacy Policy, we will inform you by posting the revised Privacy Policy on the Site. Those changes will go into effect on the revision date shown in the revised Privacy Policy. Your continued use of our Site or Services constitutes your consent to the revised Privacy Policy.
11.
Contact Us
If you would like to ask questions regarding this Privacy Policy, please let us know by sending us an email to privacy@tonneaucoversworld.com or by writing us at TonneauCoversWorld Attn: Customer Service –4414 SW College Road, Suite 1410 Ocala, FL 34474.