https://www.vacuum-depot.com/privacy.asp
Vacuum Supplies
Vacuum Cleaner Bags
Dirt Devil Bags
Eureka Bags
Hoover Bags
Panasonic Bags
Royal Bags
Sharp Bags
Kirby Bags
Bissell Bags
Sanyo Bags
Other Bags
Vacuum Cleaner Belts
Dirt Devil Belts
Eureka Belts
Hoover Belts
Panasonic Belts
Royal Belts
Sharp Belts
Sanitaire Belts
Simplicity Belts
Other Belts
Vacuum Cleaner Filters
Dirt Devil Filters
Eureka Filters
Hoover Filters
Panasonic Filters
Sharp Filters
Other Filters
Vacuum Parts
Dirt Devil Vacuum Parts
Eureka Vacuum Parts
Hoover Vacuum Parts
Panasonic Vacuum Parts
Royal Vacuum Parts
Sanitaire Vacuum Parts
Sharp Vacuum Parts
Kirby Vacuum Parts
Rainbow Vacuum Parts
Oreck Vacuum Parts
Koblenz Vacuum Parts
Filter Queen Vacuum Parts
Other Manufacturers
Vacuums By Brand
Dirt Devil Vacuums
Eureka Vacuums
Hoover Vacuums
Panasonic Vacuums
Royal Vacuums
Sanitaire Red Vacuums
Sanitaire Blue Vacuums
Vacuums By Type
Upright Vacuums
Stick Vacuums
Hand Held Vacuums
Canister Vacuums
Wet / Dry Vacuums
Central Vacuums
Steam Cleaners
Carpet Shampooers
Commercial
Commercial Vacuums
Floor Buffers
Extractors
Floor Machines
Floor / Carpet Sweepers
Floor Scrubbers
Backpack Vacuums
Wet / Dry Vacuums
Cleaning Chemicals
Accessories & Parts
Sitemap
Privacy Policy Statement
This is the web site of Vacuum-Depot.com
Our postal address is:
Vacuum-Depot
2959 Forest Oaks Dr.
Orange Park,
FL
32073
We can be reached via e-mail at info@vacuum-depot.com
or you can reach us by telephone at 904.589.4404
For each visitor to our Web page, our Web server automatically recognizes no information regarding the domain or e-mail address.
We collect only the domain name, but not the e-mail address of visitors to our Web page, the e-mail addresses of those who communicate with us via e-mail, aggregate information on what pages consumers access or visit, user-specific information on what pages consumers access or visit, information volunteered by the consumer, such as survey information, site registration and ordering information.
With respect to cookies: We use cookies to record session information, such as items that consumers add to their shopping cart, record user-specific information on what pages users access or visit. If you do not want to receive e-mail from us in the future, please let us know by sending us e-mail at the above address.
If you supply us with your postal address on-line you may receive periodic mailings from us with information on new products and services or upcoming events. If you do not wish to receive such mailings, please let us know by writing to us at the above address or calling us at the number provided above.
Persons who supply us with their telephone numbers on-line will only receive telephone contact from us with information regarding orders they have placed on-line.
With respect to Ad Servers: We do not partner with or have special relationships with any ad server companies. If our information practices change at some time in the future we will use for these new purposes only data collected from the time of the policy change forward after we have duly posted on vacuum-depot.com and directly notified all customers of changes.
With respect to security: We always use industry-standard encryption technologies when transferring and receiving consumer data exchanged with our site, When we transfer and receive certain types of sensitive information such as financial or health information, we redirect visitors to a secure server and will notify visitors through a pop-up screen on our site, We have appropriate security measures in place in our physical facilities to protect against the loss, misuse or alteration of information that we have collected from you at our site.
In regards to Visa and Master Card purchases all transactions are secured by Verisign.
Any proprietary list that is owned and uploaded by you for use in conjunction with your mail piece is protected and will not be used for any other purpose other than what has been identified in your order.
If you feel that this site is not following its stated information policy, you may contact us at the above addresses or phone number.
Qty:
Product Name:
Price:
**Free shipping on vacuums applies to deliveries to the lower 48 states only, $25.00 will be added for vacuum cleaners shipping to Alaska and Hawaii.
All major brands of vacuums and vacuum cleaners.
© 2020 Vacuum Depot.com - All rights reserved.
2959 Forest Oaks Dr. - Orange Park, FL 32073 - Phone Number: 904-589-4404
Shipping Rates - Terms - Privacy Statement
Tampa Website Hosting provided by K.Tek Systems, Inc.