https://www.wisconsinmade.com/terms-conditions/
Home
Terms & Conditions
Terms & Conditions
Privacy-Security
Introduction
At WisconsinMade, we not only respect your privacy, we are committed to protecting it. We do not sell or exchange your e-mail address, mailing list, or other customer information to any person, place or thing. Any information we do collect is used to provide you better service or to make improvements to our web site. Please read on for more details about our privacy policy. If you have any additional questions, contact us at info@WisconsinMade.
Brad DueslerOwnerWisconsinMade
Notice and Disclosure
What information is being collected
When you order, we need to know your name, e-mail address, mailing address, credit card number and expiration date. This allows us to process and fulfill your order and to notify you of your order status.
We also ask to provide a personal password which helps us better guarantee your privacy so that only you have access to any information in your account.
We do not collect personal or business information on WisconsinMade visitors unless it is voluntarily provided.
As a WisconsinMade customer you will occasionally receive e-mail notices and newsletters, which notify you about important changes to the web site, new services, products and special offers. If you wish to cancel receipt of these special e-mail newsletters, please e-mail us at info@WisconsinMade.
Like many commercial websites, WisconsinMade may use a standard technology called a "cookie" to collect information about how our site is used.
Will the information be given to third parties?
We will not sell, trade, rent, or give individually identifying information to third parties. We may provide aggregate statistics about our visitors, database entries, web traffic patterns, and related site information to our Artisans and potential artisans, but these statistics will include no personally identifying information. In addition, from time-to-time, advertisements for our products may appear on third party websites including websites in the Google Display Network. These websites deliver these advertisements based upon data that has been previously collected about your past online behavior through the use of “cookie” technology by WisconsinMade and its third party vendors including Google.com. For example, if you have visited WisconsinMade looking for gift baskets, these third party websites may display to you an advertisement for our gift baskets. This kind of targeted advertising is sometimes called interest-based or online behavioral advertising. It is not based upon your personal information, but rather, upon your online activities.
We do not control such third party websites or services on which these advertisements appear. Further, we do not control how they collect and use data about your online activities. However, you may opt-out of being tracked online by Google by visiting https://www.google.com/adpreferences or http://www.networkadvertising.org/managing/opt_out.asp. If you opt-out, you will still receive advertisements, but they will not be delivered to you based upon your behavioral data possessed by the companies from whom you have opted-out. This process relies upon an opt-out cookie, so if you delete your cookies or use a different computer, you will have to repeat this process.
How does WisconsinMade protect customer information?
When you place orders, we use secure server software (SSL) to encrypt all information you input before it is sent to us. Furthermore, all of the customer data we collect is protected against unauthorized access.
VeriSign Secured
Choice and Consent
What choices are available regarding the collection, distribution, and use of the information?
By using our website, you consent to the collection and use of your visitor information by WisconsinMade. We use this information to refine our product selection, to make improvements to our web site, and provide better service to you.
We will keep this page updated with policies related to our collection, use, and distribution of information.
Shopping Guarantee & Order Security
Resolving Questions or Problems
WisconsinMade guarantees your satisfaction with the products and services you purchase from us. As our customer, your satisfaction is of the utmost importance to us. Our satisfaction guarantee is simple. If you are not 100% satisfied with the product or service you receive from us, we will replace the product or refund the amount of your purchase, whichever you request. To contact us, please complete the Customer Concern Form, or e-mail WisconsinMade Customer Service at info@WisconsinMade, or call 1-877-947-6233.
Product Satisfaction & Return Policy
WisconsinMade features the finest foods, gifts and apparel produced by some of Wisconsin's most skilled Artisans. We reserve the right to substitute products of equal or greater value if we run out of products, especially during the holiday season. Customer satisfaction is guaranteed. Returns must be received within 30 days from the date of purchase. (Holiday exceptions are available.)
Should a perishable item not meet the customer's satisfaction we can replace it with a like item, offer a credit towards future purchases, or refund the item purchase price, excluding delivery charges.
Should a nonperishable item not meet the customer's satisfaction we can accept returns for exchange, credit towards another purchase or refund via original method of payment, excluding delivery charges.
WisconsinMade Secure Online Shopping Guarantee
The WisconsinMade Secure Online Shopping Guarantee protects you while you shop at WisconsinMade. When you shop with us you won't have to worry about credit card safety, your personal information being shared with others, or your satisfaction with our products and service. We guarantee that every transaction you make at www.WisconsinMade.com will be 100% safe. This means you pay nothing if unauthorized charges are made to your card as a result of shopping at www.WisconsinMade.com.
How our Secure Online Shopping Guarantee works:
Your order information is encrypted. Our secure server software (SSL) is the industry standard and among the best software available today for secure commerce transactions. It encrypts all of your personal information including credit card number, name, and address, so that the characters you type are scrambled, making it impossible for a third party to intercept your personal information as it travels over the Internet.
WisconsinMade will cover your personal liability for unauthorized credit card usage. Your personal liability for unauthorized credit card usage is limited by federal law to $50. In the highly unlikely event of unauthorized credit card use, WisconsinMade will pay your personal liability if it is not waived by your credit card company or bank.
Guarantee Details
Under the Fair Credit Billing Act, your bank can not hold you liable for more than $50 of fraudulent charges. If your bank does hold you liable for any of this $50, WisconsinMade will cover the entire liability for you, up to the full $50. WisconsinMade will only cover this liability if the unauthorized use of your credit card resulted through no fault of your own from purchases made at www.WisconsinMade.com while using our secure server.
In the event of unauthorized use of your credit card, you must notify your credit card provider in accordance with its reporting rules and procedures.
Legal Notice
Here are the Terms and Conditions under which you may use this Web Site. Please read this page carefully. If you do not accept the Terms and Conditions stated here, do not use the Web Site. WisMade LLC ("Company" dba WisconsinMade) may revise these Terms and Conditions at any time by updating this posting. You should visit this page periodically to review the Terms and Conditions, because they are binding on you.
Section 1. Use of Material.
The Company authorizes you to view and download a single copy of the material on this Web site ("Web Site") solely for your personal, noncommercial use. Special rules may apply to the use of certain software and other items provided on the Web Site. Any such special rules are listed as "Legal Notices" on this Web Site and are incorporated into this Agreement by reference. The contents of this Web Site, such as text, graphics, images and other material ("Material"), are protected by copyright under both United States and foreign laws. Unauthorized use of the Material may violate copyright, trademark, and other laws. You must retain all copyright and other proprietary notices contained in the original Material on any copy you make of the Material. You may not sell or modify the Material or reproduce, display, publicly perform, distribute, or otherwise use the Material in any way for any public or commercial purpose. The use of the Material on any other Web site or in a networked computer environment for any purpose is prohibited.
If you violate any of these Terms, your permission to use the Material automatically terminates and you must immediately destroy any copies you have made of the Material.
Section 2. Company's Liability.
The Material may contain inaccuracies or typographical errors. Company makes no representations about the accuracy, reliability, completeness, or timeliness of the Material or about the results to be obtained from using the Web Site and the Material. The use of the Web Site and the Material is at your own risk. Changes are periodically made to the Web Site and may be made at any time. COMPANY DOES NOT WARRANT THAT THE WEB SITE WILL OPERATE ERROR-FREE OR THAT THIS WEB SITE AND ITS SERVER ARE FREE OF COMPUTER VIRUSES AND OTHER HARMFUL GOODS. IF YOUR USE OF THE WEB SITE OR THE MATERIAL RESULTS IN THE NEED FOR SERVICING OR REPLACING EQUIPMENT OR DATA, COMPANY IS NOT RESPONSIBLE FOR THOSE COSTS.
THE WEB SITE AND MATERIAL ARE PROVIDED ON AN "AS IS" BASIS WITHOUT ANY WARRANTIES OF ANY KIND. THE COMPANY AND ITS SUPPLIERS, TO THE FULLEST EXTENT PERMITTED BY LAW, DISCLAIM ALL WARRANTIES, INCLUDING THE WARRANTY OF MERCHANTABILITY, NON-INFRINGEMENT OF THIRD PARTIES RIGHTS, AND THE WARRANTY OF FITNESS FOR PARTICULAR PURPOSE. COMPANY AND ITS SUPPLIERS MAKE NO WARRANTIES ABOUT THE ACCURACY , RELIABILITY, COMPLETENESS, OR TIMELINESS OF THE MATERIAL, SERVICES, SOFTWARE TEXT, GRAPHICS, AND LINKS.
Section 3. Disclaimer of Consequential Damages.
IN NO EVENT SHALL COMPANY, ITS SUPPLIERS, OR ANY THIRD PARTIES MENTIONED AT THIS SITE BE LIABLE FOR ANY DAMAGES WHATSOEVER (INCLUDING, WITHOUT LIMITATION, INCIDENTAL AND CONSEQUENTIAL DAMAGES, LOST PROFITS, OR DAMAGES RESULTING FROM LOST DATA OR BUSINESS INTERRUPTION) RESULTING FROM THE USE OR INABILITY TO USE THE WEB SITE AND THE MATERIAL, WHETHER BASED ON WARRANTY, CONTRACT, TORT, OR ANY OTHER LEGAL THEORY, AND WHETHER OR NOT COMPANY IS ADVISED OF THE POSSIBILITY OF SUCH DAMAGES.
Section 4. User Submissions.
Generally, any communication which you post to the Web Site is considered to be non-confidential. If particular Web pages permit the submission of communications which will be treated by Company as confidential, that fact will be stated in "Legal Notices" on those pages. By posting communications to the Web Site, you automatically grant Company a royalty-free, perpetual, irrevocable nonexclusive license to use, reproduce, modify, publish, edit, translate, distribute, perform, and display the communication alone or as part of other works in any form, media, or technology whether now known or hereafter developed, and to sublicense such rights through multiple tiers of sublicensees. As a User, you are responsible for your own communications and are responsible for the consequences of their posting. You must not do the following things: Post material that is copyrighted, unless you are the copyright owner or have the permission of the copyright owner to post it; post material that reveals trade secrets, unless you own them or have the permission of the owner; post material that infringes on any other intellectual property rights of others or on the privacy or publicity rights of others; post material that is obscene, defamatory, threatening, harassing, abusive, hateful, or embarrassing to another User or any other person or entity; post a sexually-explicit image; post advertisements or solicitations of business; post chain letters or pyramid schemes; or impersonate another person.
The Company does not represent or guarantee the truthfulness, accuracy, or reliability of any of communications posted by other Users or endorse any opinions expressed by Users. You acknowledge that any reliance on material posted by other Users will be at your own risk.
Company does not screen communications in advance and is not responsible for screening or monitoring material posted by Users. If notified by a User of communications which allegedly do not conform to this Agreement, Company may investigate the allegation and determine in good faith and its sole discretion whether to remove or request the removal of the communication. Company has no liability or responsibility to Users for performance or nonperformance of such activities. Company reserves the right to expel Users and prevent their further access to the Web Site for violating this Agreement or the law and the right to remove communications which are abusive, illegal, or disruptive.
Section 5. Links to Other Sites.
The Web Site contains links to third party Web sites. These links are provided solely as a convenience to you and not as an endorsement by Company of the contents on such third-party Web sites. Company is not responsible for the content of linked third-party sites and does not make any representations regarding the content or accuracy of materials on such third party Web sites. If you decide to access linked third-party Web sites, you do so at your own risk.
Section 6. Software Licenses.
All software that is made available for downloading from the Web Site ("Software") is protected by copyright and may be protected by other rights. The use of such software is governed by the terms of the software license agreement or designated "Legal Notice" accompanying such software ("License Agreement"). The downloading and use of such software is conditioned on your agreement to be bound by the terms of the License Agreement.
Section 7. Limitation of Liability.
Unless otherwise expressly provided in a Software License or Legal Notice, the aggregate liability for Company to you for all claims arising from the use of the Materials (including Software) is limited to $100.
Section 8. Indemnity.
You agree to defend, indemnify, and hold harmless the Company, its officers, dirctors, employees and agents, from and against any claims, actions or demands, including without limitation reasonable legal and accounting fees, alleging or resulting from your use of the Material (including Software) or your breach of the terms of this Agreement. The Company shall provide notice to you promptly of any such claim, suit, or proceeding and shall assist you, at your expense, in defending any such claim, suit or proceeding.
Section 9. Export Control.
The United States controls the export of products and information. You agree to comply with such restrictions and not to export or re-export the Materials (including Software) to countries or persons prohibited under the export control laws. By downloading the Materials (including Software), you are agreeing that you are not in a country where such export is prohibited or are a person or entity to which such export is prohibited. You are responsible for compliance with the laws of your local jurisdiction regarding the import, export, or re-export of the Product.
Section 10. User Information.
The Company may use the information it obtains relating to you, including your IP address, name, mailing address, email address and use of the Web Site, for its internal business and marketing purposes and may disclose the information to third parties for such purposes.
Section 11. General.
This Web Site is based in Middleton, Wisconsin, USA. The Company makes no claims the Materials are appropriate or may be downloaded outside of the United States. Access to the Materials (including Software) may not be legal by certain persons or in certain countries. If you access the Web Site from outside of the United States, you do so at your own risk and are responsible for compliance with the laws of your jurisdiction. This Agreement is governed by the internal substantive laws of the State of Wisconsin, without respect to its conflict of laws principles. If any provision of this Agreement is found to be invalid by any court having competent jurisdiction, the invalidity of such provision shall not affect the validity of the remaining provisions of this Agreement, which shall remain in full force and effect. No waiver of any term of this Agreement shall be deemed a further or continuing waiver of such term or any other term. Except as expressly provided in a particular "Legal Notice" or Software License or material on particular Web pages, this Agreement constitutes the entire Agreement between you and the Company with respect to the use of Web Site. Any changes to this Agreement must be made in writing, signed by an authorized representative of the Company.
×