http://www.timexaudio.com/privacy_policy/
Login
Create Account
Cart
Home
Products
Support
About
PRIVACY NOTICE
This privacy notice discloses the privacy practices for www.Timexaudio.com.
This privacy notice applies solely to the information collected by this website.
You will be advised of the following:
The kind of personal information we collect through our website, how we use it, and with whom it may be shared.
Your choices regarding the use of the data.
The security procedures used to protect the misuse of your information.
A process where you can reach a company representative to correct any inaccuracies in your information.
Gathering Personal Information, Use, and Sharing
We collect the e-mail addresses of those who communicate with us via e-mail. The information we collect is used to improve the content of our website and/or to communicate with our customers in relation to their on-line orders.
From time to time, we may notify our customers of specials and/or exclusive offers via email.
In order to improve your shopping experience, Timex Audio collects interaction information about our visitors. Timex Audio uses cookies to collect anonymous data, such as which pages are viewed, which browsers are used, the address and referring website, among other things. If your web browser is set to block cookies, please unblock them. If you have privacy concerns, you can call 800-888-4491 to place your order. However, keep in mind that you will not be able to save your user and order information for future use.
Our web server automatically recognizes the IP address of the computer you are using to access our website.
Persons who supply us their telephone numbers on-line will only receive telephone contact from us with information regarding orders they have placed online.
Occasionally we run on-line advertising campaigns whose ads are served by third party companies.
We may use customer information for new, unanticipated uses not previously disclosed in our privacy notice, such as disclose aggregate, customer information to third parties. We do not endorse any third party products or services and no third party is authorized to act on our behalf.
Access and Control over Your Information
Upon request we provide customers with access to transaction information (e.g. dates on which purchases were made, amounts and types of purchases) that we maintain about them.
If you do not want to receive e-mails from us in the future regarding specials, exclusive offers, or third party marketing materials, you may login into our account page and uncheck the “Subscribe to Timex news & special offers” box.
You also have the option of modifying your account information or deleting the account in its entirety.
Security
With respect to security, we always use industry standard encryption technologies when transferring and receiving consumer data exchanged with our sites, including credit card data. We have appropriate security measures in place in our physical facilities to protect against the loss, misuse or alteration of information that we have collected from you at our site.
In certain situations, customers using outdated browser software may not be able to use our secure online order form.
In order to purchase any product from this website, you must be 18 years of age. If a child under the age of 18 orders a product without parental or guardian permission, then the parent or guardian may return the product for a refund according to the posted returns and exchanges policies that relate to that order.
Privacy Questions
If you have any questions or concerns about Timex Audio’s Privacy Policy, please contact us at contact@support.timexaudio.com.
This privacy policy was last updated on 5/18/15.
Copyright © TIMEX is a registered trademark owned and licensed by Timex Corporation.
Copyright © 2020 SDI Technologies, Inc. All Rights Reserved.
Customer Service · Privacy Notice · Accessibility