https://www.perfumeoils.com/terms-and-conditions
Login / Register
| Contact Us
My Cart : 0 item(s) /
$0.00
Login
Register
| Contact Us
My Cart: 0 Items
($0.00)
Checkout
Perfume (Body) Oils
Wholesale Bottles & Jars
Bottle Accessories
Incense Products
Air Fresheners
Shea/Body Butters
Lotions, Gels, Mixing Solvents, Massage Oils
Home
E-Catalog 2020
Master List
Testimonials
Contact US
Credit Card Vertification
Categories
Perfume (Body) Oils
Ladies Perfume Oils®
Unisex Perfume Oils®
Mens Cologne Oils®
New Fragrances
Exclusive Perfume Oils®
Egyptian Musks
Wholesale Bottles & Jars
Roll-On Bottles
Roll-On Plastic Bottles
Bottles with Spray Pumps
Standard Glass & Plastic Bottles
Bottles with Treatment Pumps
Glass Bottles with Serum Droppers
Vial Samplers
Plastic Spray Bottles
Lotion & Gel Bottles/Jars
Bottle Accessories
Spray Pumps
Bags/Boxes
Displays
Miscellaneous
Incense Products
Incense by the Bundle
Incense Holders
Air Fresheners
Home/Car
Shea/Body Butters
Shea Butter
Lotions, Gels, Mixing Solvents, Massage Oils
My Profile
Login
Register
References
About us
Mr. Kay's Blog
About Our Oils
Accomplishments
Customer Testimonials
FAQ's
Newsletter
Thanks for signing up!
* Email Address
Sign Up
My Cart
Your Shopping Cart is Empty
Newest Products
Deluxe Incense Burner
1.7 oz (50ml) Tear-Drop Deluxe Clear Glass Bottle (Heavy Base Bottom) with Serum Droppers
1 oz (30ml) Short Square Clear Glass Bottle with Stainless Steel Roller and Color Caps
1/2 oz (15ml) Deluxe Globe-Shaped Clear Glass Bottle (Heavy Base Bottom) with Stainless Steel Roller and Color Caps
1 oz (30ml) Clear Cylinder Glass Bottle with Serum Droppers
1 oz (30ml) Frosted Cylinder Glass Bottle with Serum Droppers
1 oz (30ml) Super Deluxe Square Clear Glass Bottle (Heavy Base Bottom) with Serum Droppers
1.7 oz (50ml) Super Deluxe Square Clear Glass Bottle (Heavy Base Bottom) with Serum Droppers
3.4 oz (100ml) Super Deluxe Cube-Shaped Clear Glass Bottle (Heavy Base Bottle) with Serum Droppers
1 oz (30ml) Short Square Clear Glass Bottle with Serum Droppers
Terms and Conditions
This page contains our Ordering and Shipping Policy & Terms and Conditions(Terms of Use Agreement)
Read This Policy and Terms of Use Agreement Before Accessing Website.
Effective Date:  This Terms of Use Agreement was last updated on August 11, 2009.
Ordering and Shipping Policy
Orders- Once an order is submitted, we cannot change, delete or add any items to the order. This is done to avoid mistakes and to have the order processed as quickly as possible. However, if an item is out of stock, we will contact you to notify you of a replacement.
Please note that we try to process and ship all orders within 48-72 hrs, however, there are times when this cannot be achieved for various reasons, i.e. not enough time to set up the order or too many items. But we do try our best to serve you.
C.O.D. Orders- Please note that all C.O.D. Orders must be paid by money order or certified check. UPS will not accept cash, personal checks or business checks. Please have the correct amount (please call us at 1-888-271-5242 and we will gladly give you the amount). UPS will not accept any amount less than the amount listed on the package. Unfortunately, we cannot credit your account if the payment is more than the listed amount.
Returned C.O.D. packages will only be reshipped after we receive payment (in the form of a money order). There will be NO EXCEPTIONS.
You must call us for the new total with additional freight charges added. No additional packages will be shipped until payment is received.
Please note: If a package is not reclaimed, you must pay a restocking fee to reactivate your account. The restocking fee consists of all freights related to the return package plus a 5% fee.
Credit Card Orders- We may contact you if the amount is reasonably high or the billing and shipping addresses are different. We may request a copy of some form of identification (such as a drivers license or credit card) to be faxed or emailed to us. This is done for your protection and to avoid fraud.  Fraud is a prevalent problem today, but we are committed to ensuring your protection.  Please note all shipments leave our premises with a signature required, if this is not acceptable for you please indicate that on "additional shipping instructions" when checking out.
Returns- All purchases on scented products (i.e. Perfume Oils®, lotions, gels, etc.) are final; we cannot credit, refund or exchange these items due to the nature of the product. Please make sure you are one hundred percent certain when purchasing scented products. This is why we offer 5 free samples of Perfume Oils® of your choice with every order over $100. Please note if an error occurs on our part i.e. you order Gaultier-men type and we sent you Gaultier-women type, we will gladly correct our error.
If any errors or shortages occur on our part, you have 48 hours from the reception of your order to contact us so we may correct the situation. Any claims made after that will be denied, so please inspect your package carefully upon receipt. If an error or shortage does occur, we will correct it immediately.
NO UNAUTHORIZED RETURNS WILL BE ACCEPTED OR CREDITED.
Freight Damage - A claim of freight damage must be reported within 24 hours of delivery. The claim must be made to the freight carrier and to Scentsational Shoppe. We guarantee that all products leave our warehouse packed safely. However, damages do occasionally happen during transit.
Prices are subject to change without prior notice. Prices in effect at time of shipment shall apply.
Every effort is made for this website to be completely accurate. However, an occasional error may occur. Therefore, we reserve the right to bill at corrected prices.
Scentsational Shoppe Inc. is not responsible for the products you create from our supplies. You alone are responsible for product and recipe testing to ensure compatibility, safety, and desired outcome.
By using our products, you accept all liability for your finished product.
By using our products, you accept responsibility and liability for handling of all material.
Terms of Use Agreement
This Terms of Use Agreement sets forth the standards of use of the Scentsational Shoppe Inc Online Service. By using the www.perfumeoils.com website you (the “Member”) agree to these terms and conditions. If you do not agree to the terms and conditions of this agreement, you should immediately cease all usage of this website. We reserve the right, at any time, to modify, alter, or update the terms and conditions of this agreement without prior notice.  Modifications shall become effective immediately upon being posted at www.perfumeoils.com website.  Your continued use of the Service after amendments are posted constitutes an acknowledgement and acceptance of the Agreement and its modifications. Except as provided in this paragraph, this Agreement may not be amended.
Description of Service
Scentsational Shoppe is providing Member with access to www.perfumeoils.com. Member must provide (1)  all equipment necessary for their own Internet connection, including computer and modem and (2) provide for Member’s access to the Internet, and (3) pay any fees relate with such connection.
Disclaimer of Warranties.
The site is provided by Scentsational Shoppe on an “as is” and on an “as available” basis.  To the fullest extent permitted by applicable law, Scentsational Shoppe makes no representations or warranties of any kind, express or implied, regarding the use or the results of this web site in terms of its correctness, accuracy, reliability, or otherwise.  Scentsational Shoppe shall have no liability for any interruptions in the use of this Website.  Scentsational Shoppe disclaims all warranties with regard to the information provided, including the implied warranties of merchantability and fitness for a particular purpose, and non-infringement.  Some jurisdictions do not allow the exclusion of implied warranties; therefore the above-referenced exclusion is inapplicable.
Limitation of Liability
SCENTSATIONAL SHOPPE SHALL NOT be liable for any damages whatsoever, and in particular SCENTSATIONAL SHOPPE shall not be liable for any special, indirect, consequential, or incidental damages, or damages for lost profits, loss of revenue, or loss of use, arising out of or related to this web site or the information contained in it, whether such damages arise in contract, negligence, tort, under statute, in equity, at law, or otherwise, even if SCENTSATIONAL SHOPPE has been advised of the possibility of such damages. SOME JURISDICTIONS DO NOT ALLOW FOR THE LIMITATION OR EXCLUSION OF LIABILITY FOR INCIDENTAL OR CONSEQUENTIAL DAMAGES, THEREFORE SOME OF THE ABOVE LIMITATIONS IS INAPPLICABLE.
Indemnification
Member agrees to indemnify and hold Scentsational Shoppe, its parents, subsidiaries, affiliates, officers and employees, harmless from any claim or demand, including reasonable attorneys’ fees and costs, made by any third party due to or arising out of Member’s use of the Service, the violation of this Agreement, or infringement by Member, or other user of the Service using Member’s computer, of any intellectual property or any other right of any person or entity.
Modifications and Interruption to Service
Scentsational Shoppe reserves the right to modify or discontinue the Service with or without notice to the Member. Scentsational Shoppe shall not be liable to Member or any third party should Scentsational Shoppe exercise its right to modify or discontinue the Service. Member acknowledges and accepts that Scentsational Shoppe does not guarantee continuous, uninterrupted or secure access to our website and operation of our website may be interfered with or adversely affected by numerous factors or circumstances outside of our control.
Third-Party Sites
Our website may include links to other sites on the Internet that are owned and operated by online merchants and other third parties.  You acknowledge that we are not responsible for the availability of, or the content located on or through, any third-party site.  You should contact the site administrator or webmaster for those third-party sites if you have any concerns regarding such links or the content located on such sites.  Your use of those third-party sites is subject to the terms of use and privacy policies of each site, and we are not responsible therein. We encourage all Members to review said privacy policies of third-parties’ sites.
Disclaimer Regarding Accuracy of Vendor Information
Product specifications and other information have either been provided by the Vendors or collected from publicly available sources.  While Scentsational Shoppe makes every effort to ensure that the information on this website is accurate, we can make no representations or warranties as to the accuracy or reliability of any information provided on this website.
Scentsational Shoppe makes no warranties or representations whatsoever with regard to any product provided or offered by any Vendor, and you acknowledge that any reliance on representations and warranties provided by any Vendor shall be at your own risk.
Governing Jurisdiction of the Courts New Jersey
Our website is operated and provided in the State of New Jersey.  As such, we are subject to the laws of the State New Jersey, and such laws will govern this Terms of Use, without giving effect to any choice of law rules.  We make no representation that our website or other services are appropriate, legal or available for use in other locations.  Accordingly, if you choose to access our site you agree to do so subject to the internal laws of the State New Jersey.
Compliance with Laws.
Member assumes all knowledge of applicable law and is responsible for compliance with any such laws.  Member may not use the Service in any way that violates applicable state, federal, or international laws, regulations or other government requirements. Member further agrees not to transmit any material that encourages conduct that could constitute a criminal offense, give rise to civil liability or otherwise violate any applicable local, state, national, or international law or regulation.
Copyright and Trademark Information
All content included or available on this site, including site design, text, graphics, interfaces, and the selection and arrangements thereof is ©2005 www.perfumeoils.com, with all rights reserved, or is the property of Scentsational Shoppe and/or third parties protected by intellectual property rights.  Any use of materials on the website, including reproduction for purposes other than those noted above, modification, distribution, or replication, any form of data extraction or data mining, or other commercial exploitation of any kind, without prior written permission of an authorized officer of Scentsational Shoppe is strictly prohibited.  Members agree that they will not use any robot, spider, or other automatic device, or manual process to monitor or copy our web pages or the content contained therein without prior written permission of an authorized officer of Scentsational Shoppe.
Scentsational Shoppe™ and www.perfumeoils.com™ are proprietary marks of www.perfumeoils.com.  Scentsational Shoppe’s trademarks may not be used in connection with any product or service that is not provided by Scentsational Shoppe, in any manner that is likely to cause confusion among customers, or in any manner that disparages or discredits Scentsational Shoppe.
All other trademarks displayed on Scentsational Shoppe’s website are the trademarks of their respective owners, and constitute neither an endorsement nor a recommendation of those Vendors.  In addition, such use of trademarks or links to the web sites of Vendors is not intended to imply, directly or indirectly, that those Vendors endorse or have any affiliation with Scentsational Shoppe.  Furthermore, name trademarks and copyrights included on this site, are properties of their respective manufacturers and/or designers. Scentsational Shoppe has no affiliation with the manufacturers/designers. Our interpretation of these fragrances was created through chemical analysis and reproduction, and the purpose of this description is to give the customer an idea of scent character, not to mislead or confuse the customer. It is not intended to infringe on the manufacturers/designer's name and valuable trademark.We do not represent our products to be original nor do we represent that they are exact copies; therefore they do not violate any copyright laws. Any references to brand names are made strictly for comparison. Also, let it be known, that this web site has no affiliation to, and is not associated or sponsored by any of these trademark owners. We simply ask the consumer to compare the price, style, and quality of the designer brand products to SCENTSATIONAL SHOPPE INC products. These are Perfume Oils® NOT original perfumes,colognes or scented products.
Our website www.perfumeoils.com is in compliance with the Federal Trade Commission’s STATEMENT OF POLICY REGARDING COMPARATIVE ADVERTISING. To view this Statement of Policy please visit: http://www.ftc.gov/bcp/policystmt/ad-compare.htm
Notification of Claimed Copyright Infringement
Pursuant to Section 512(c) of the Copyright Revision Act, as enacted through the Digital Millennium Copyright Act, www.perfumeoils.com designates the following individual as its agent for receipt of notifications of claimed copyright infringement.
By Mail
22 South Washington Avenue
Bergenfield, NJ 07621
By Telephone: 201-384-9700
By Email: ss@perfumeoils.com
Botnets
Scentsational Shoppe retains the right, at our sole discretion, to terminate any accounts involved with botnets and related activities. If any hostnames are used as command and control points for botnets, Scentsational Shoppe reserves the right to direct the involved hostnames to a honeypot, loopback address, logging facility, or any other destination at our discretion.
Other Terms
If any provision of this Terms of Use Agreement shall be unlawful, void or unenforceable for any reason, the other provisions (and any partially-enforceable provision) shall not be affected thereby and shall remain valid and enforceable to the maximum possible extent.  You agree that this Terms of Use Agreement and any other agreements referenced herein may be assigned by Scentsational Shoppe., in our sole discretion, to a third party in the event of a merger or acquisition.  This Terms of Use Agreement shall apply in addition to, and shall not be superseded by, any other written agreement between us in relation to your participation as a Member.  Member agrees that by accepting this Terms of Use Agreement, Member is consenting to the use and disclosure of their personally identifiable information and other practices described in our Privacy Policy Statement[if applicable].
Disclaimer:*Name trademarks and copyrights are properties of their respective manufacturers and/or designers. Scentsational Shoppe has no affiliation with the manufacturers/designers. Our interpretation of these fragrances was created through chemical analysis and reproduction, and the purpose of this description is to give the customer an idea of scent character, not to mislead or confuse the customer. It is not intended to infringe on the manufacturers/designer's name and valuable trademark.We do not represent our products to be original nor do we represent that they are exact copies; therefore they do not violate any copyright laws. Any references to brand names are made strictly for comparison. Also, let it be known, that this web site has no affiliation to, and is not associated or sponsored by any of these trademark owners. We simply ask the consumer to compare the price, style, and quality of the designer brand products to SCENTSATIONAL SHOPPE INC products. These are Perfume Oils® NOT original perfumes,colognes or scented products.
Our website www.perfumeoils.com is in compliance with the Federal Trade Commission's STATEMENT OF POLICY REGARDING COMPARATIVE ADVERTISING. To view this Statement of Policy please visit: http://www.ftc.gov/bcp/policystmt/ad-compare.htm
Home
Testimonials
Site Map
About Us
Terms and Conditions
Contact Us
About Our Oils
Cookie & Privacy Policy
FAQ's
Mr. Kay's Blog
Our Accomplishments
Get Product Details