http://www.rocksandminerals.com/ppolicy.htm
Customer Service: 1.406.827.8273
Home
Our Privacy Policy
ITEMS for SALE
Boxed Collections
Bagged Sets
Card Mounted Sets
EZ 2 Collections
Fossil Collections
Specialty Items
Pipestone
Meteorites & Tektites
Books
Posters
Hands-On Activities
Testing Supplies
MORE SPECIMENS
Minerals Specimens
Igneous Rocks
Metamorphic Rocks
Sedimentary Rocks
Geodes
ITEMS of INTEREST
FREE Education Pages
Links
Who We Are
Contact Us
Our Privacy Policy
Shipping Information
Order Forms
We Protect Your Right to Privacy
rocksandminerals.com respects your privacy. Our guidelines for protecting the information you provide us during your visit to our website appear below.
Privacy Statement
This statement discloses the privacy practices for rocksandminerals.com. We have designed rocksandminerals.com so that no personal identifying information is displayed online or is accessible to the general public. You can browse our site without telling us who you are or revealing any information about yourself.
Use of Data
For ordering and operations purposes, we collect only the following information about our users: name, account number (if applicable), school or business name (if applicable), street address, state, zip code, phone number, country, and email address. We do not sell or distribute any information to third parties.
Information such as name, phone number, and credit card numbers are collected through third party partners of rocksandminerals.com, such as PayPal, Visa or MasterCard.
Use of Your Email Address
When you provide us with your email address to make a purchase from us, we may occasionally send you an email with recommendations or notices of new products, prices, and services.
Checkout Process
During the checkout process which is processed through our PayPal account, we ask you to provide us with contact information, such as name, email address, phone number, zip code, state, and country in case we need to reach you about your order. We do not sell, rent, or share any customer information that we collect.
Links
rocksandminerals.com contains links to other Web sites. Please note that when you click on one of these links, you are 'clicking' to another Web site. We encourage you to read the privacy statements of these linked sites, as their privacy policies may differ from ours.
Feedback
We collect user feedback. We read all of our customer queries and use the information contained therein only to resolve the question at hand and/or to improve our service. This feedback is not sold or transferred to any third party.
Contact Us:PO Box 2477Thompson Falls, MT  59873Phone: 406-827-8273Email: renee.klinger@rocksandminerals.com
Supplying quality educational materials for teachers, collectors and other educational organizations since 1995.