http://www.zipperstop.com/terms-and-conditions
About UsCartCheckoutContact UsCustom Printed Ribbon
ShopCartCheckoutMy Account
Terms and Conditions
Terms and Conditions
This page states the “Terms & Conditions of Use” under which customers and users (collectively “Users”) may use www.zipperstop.com and other websites under the Company’s control (whether partial or otherwise). Access to this website and the use of information on it is subject to these Terms & Conditions of Use. You should carefully read these Terms & Conditions of Use. By proceeding further, you will be deemed to have accepted them.
Definitions
In these Terms & Conditions of Use, the following terms shall have the meanings indicated:-
“Customers” means individuals or entities who use this website or the services of the Company or who undertake any other business with the Company;
Zipperstop means A. Feibusch Company.
“Privacy Policy” means our statement of practice as regards the privacy and security of your information when accessing and/or using this website and any of the features hereon;
“Service(s)” means the services to be provided by Zipperstop
“Terms & Conditions of Use” and “Agreement” means the terms and conditions of Company as referred to and/or contained herein;
“you” means any and all persons accessing or using this website and/or availing of any information and/or services available on or via this website;
“we” and “our” and “us” means [company short name(s)].
Links to Other Sites
This website contains hypertext links to websites not maintained by the Company or any member of Zipperstop. Neither Zipperstop or any member of Zipperstop endorses or represents the reliability, accuracy, or quality of any information, goods, services, or products displayed or advertised on such other websites. No member of the Zipperstop is or shall be (or be deemed to be) a party to any contract that you may or do enter into with the providers of such goods, services or products. You are reminded that different terms and conditions of use will apply to you as a user of such websites. Zipperstop hereby disclaims any and all liability for the content of such websites and any loss or damage of any nature suffered by you as a result either: (a) of accessing or using such websites; or (b) availing of or acquiring any or all of the goods, services or products advertised or available on or via such websites. The use by you of such websites is at your sole risk.
General
Zipperstop makes no claims that the Materials may be lawfully viewed or downloaded outside of the United States . Access to the Materials may not be legal by certain ersons or in certain countries. If Users access this site from outside of the United States , it does so at its own risk and is solely responsible for compliance with the laws of, or applicable to, its jurisdiction. Jurisdiction for any claims arising under the Agreement, including but not limited to these Terms & Conditions of Use, shall lie exclusively with the United States Courts and the Terms & Conditions of Use shall be construed in accordance with the laws of the United States of America. If any provision of these Terms & Conditions of Use is found to be invalid by any court having competent jurisdiction, the invalidity of such provision shall not affect the validity of the remaining provisions of these Terms & Conditions of Use, which shall remain in full force and effect. No waiver of any term of these Terms & Conditions of Use shall be deemed a further or continuing waiver of such term or any other term.
Disclaimer as to Accuracy of Info rmation
Care has been taken in the preparation of the information contained on this website. However, we do not make any representations or warranties as to the accuracy of the information contained on this website.
Not an Offer or Solicitation
The information contained on this Website is not intended to nor does it constitute an offer or solicitation of services.
Privacy Policy
Zipperstop will use your personal data in the manner set out in its Privacy Policy. However, in the event of a conflict between the Privacy Policy and these Terms & Conditions of Use, the Terms and Conditions of Use shall prevail.
Copying
The information contained on this website may not be copied, transmitted, amended or reproduced in any form whatsoever without the prior written consent of Zipperstop.
Amendments
The contents of this website, including these Terms & Conditions of Use, any information contained on this website and Zipperstop’s Privacy Policy are subject to change and to being updated without notice from time to time.
Leave a Reply Cancel replyYour email address will not be published. Required fields are marked *Comment Name *
Email *
Website