http://www.kansascitysteaks.com/privacy-policy
0
Cart
Your Cart
SECURE CHECKOUT
VIEW CART
Your shopping cart is empty.
We recommend checking out our best selling steaks.
STEAKS
SHOP BY CUT
Filet Mignon
Kansas City Strip
Ribeye
Porterhouse
Top Sirloin
T-Bone
Flat Iron
Steakburgers
Tips and Medallions
Prime Rib
SHOP BY TYPE
Specialty Cuts
Classic
USDA Prime - our Private Stock®
American Style Kobe Beef
Sandwich Steaks
Pre-Seasoned
COMBOS
Meat Combos
Surf & Turf
Meal Combos
Steak Combos
Special Value Combos Free Shipping
FILET MIGNON
Super Trimmed™
Extra Thick Crown Filet Mignon®
Gift Boxed
Bacon Wrapped
USDA Prime Private Stock®
American Style Kobe
RESOURCES
Meat Grilling Chart
Grilling Times
Recipes
View All »
BEEF
CHATEAUBRIAND
Beef Tenderloin Chateaubriand
USDA Prime Private Stock® Tenderloin Chateaubriand
PRIME RIB
Prime Rib Roast
USDA Prime Private Stock® Prime Rib Roast
STEAKBURGERS & HOT DOGS
Steakburgers
Hot Dogs
STEAKS
WELLINGTON
BARBECUE
Brisket
Burnt Ends
VEAL
Osso Buco
Rib Chops
Cutlets
BRISKET
Smoked Brisket
Beef Brisket Chuck Burger
View All »
OTHER MEATS
HAMS
Bone-in
Boneless Hickory Smoked Ham
TURKEY
Hickory Smoked Whole Turkey
Herb Roasted Whole Turkey
CHICKEN
Chicken Breasts
Chicken Wellington
LAMB
Rack of Lamb
Leg of Lamb
PORK CHOPS
Berkshire
Bacon Wrapped
Stuffed
PORK ROAST
BACON
COMBOS
BARBECUE
STEAKBURGERS & HOT DOGS
HEAT & SERVE
View All »
SEAFOOD
SURF & TURF
Super Trimmed™ Filet & Lobster Tails
Kansas City Strip & Lobster Tails
Super Trimmed™ Filet Mignon & Crab Cakes
LOBSTER
CRAB CAKES
COMBOS
OTHER SEAFOOD
Salmon
Sea Bass
Halibut
Shrimp
Scallops
View All »
COMBOS, MEALS & CLUBS
MEAT COMBOS
MEAL COMBOS
SURF & TURF
STEAK COMBOS
SPECIAL VALUE COMBOS
Free Shipping
SEAFOOD COMBOS
MONTHLY GIFT CLUBS
PORK COMBOS
View All »
SIDES & EXTRAS
SEASONINGS & SAUCES
POTATOES
APPETIZERS
SIDE DISHES
DESSERTS
View All »
GIFTS & OCCASIONS
OCCASION
Game Day
Date Night
This Weekend's Event
Birthday
Thank You
Wedding
Anniversary
Groomsmen Gifts
SEASONAL
Holiday Entertaining
Christmas Gifts
Summer Grilling
Father's Day
Mother's Day
Easter
RECIPIENT
For Him
For Her
Mom & Dad
Friends & Family
PRICE
Under $50
Under $100
Under $150
Under $200
SIGNATURE GIFT BOX STEAKS
GIFT CARDS
MONTHLY GIFT CLUBS
LAST MINUTE GIFTS
BUSINESS GIFTS
View All »
Steak Combos
Gift Boxed
Business Gifts
Specialty Cuts
Christmas Gifts
This Privacy Policy describes how Kansas City Steak Company (collectively, “we,” “us,” or “our”) collects, uses, shares, and safeguards personal information.
This Privacy Policy also tells you about your rights and choices with respect to your personal information, and how you can reach us to get answers to your questions.
You can jump to particular topics by going to the headings below:  Types of Information We CollectUse and Processing of InformationCookiesSharing of InformationYour ChoicesAuthorized AgentHow We Protect Personal InformationOther Important InformationContact InformationTypes of Information We CollectThe following provides examples of the type of information that we collect from you and how we use that information. ContextTypes of DataPrimary Purpose for Collection and Use of DataAccount RegistrationWe collect your name and contact information as well as other information you choose to provide when you create an account.We use this information to provide account related functionalities to our users. Accounts can be used for easy checkout and to save your preferences and transaction history.
By registering, you are automatically enrolled in our mailing list.
Business Information We collect the name, and contact information, of employees of businesses with whom we may interact.
We have a legitimate interest in contacting certain businesses and communicating with them concerning normal business administration such as projects, services, and billing.Site BehaviorWe use first party cookies and other methods to track site activity. See our Cookie Section for more information. We also use third party cookies and other methods to track site activity and share it with 3rd parties.First party cookies gather information so you can make a purchase. They are also used to provide you with a better shopping experience. Third party cookies gather information to engage in behavior-based advertising and capture website analytics.Demographic InformationWe may collect personal information, such as your age, location, and gender.
We use this information to comply with applicable laws. Email InterconnectivityIf you receive email from us, we use certain tools to capture data related to when you open our message, click on any links or banners it contains and make purchases.We use this information to understand how you interact with our communications to you.EmploymentIf you apply for a job posting, or become an employee, we collect information necessary to process your application or to retain you as an employee. This may include, among other things, your Social Security Number.
Providing this information is required for employment.We use information about current employees to carry out our payment and benefits obligations.
In some contexts, we are also required by law to collect information about our employees. We also use this information to have efficient staffing and work force operations. Feedback/SupportIf you provide us feedback or contact us for support we will collect your name and e-mail address, as well as any other content that you send to us, in order to reply.We use this information in order to receive, and act upon, your feedback or issues. Mailing ListWhen you make a purchase or register, or request that we add you to our mailing list, we collect your email address and/or postal address.
We share information about our products and services with those on our mailing list.
Mobile DevicesWe collect information from your mobile device such as unique identifying information broadcast from your device when visiting our website or when visiting one of our stores.We use this information to identify unique visitors and understand how users interact with us on their mobile devices.Order Placement We collect your name, billing address, shipping address, e-mail address, phone number, and credit card information when you place an order.We use your information to perform our contract to provide you with products or services.
By ordering, you are automatically enrolled in our mailing lists.Partner PromotionWe collect information that you provide as part of a co-branded promotion with another company.We use this information to fulfil our promotions. Ratings and ReviewsWhen you rate or review us or our products, we collect any information you provide as part of that rating or review. We use this information to improve and provide feedback on products. SurveysWhen you participate in a survey we collect information that you provide through the survey.
If the survey is provided by a third party service provider, the third party’s privacy policy applies to the collection, use, and disclosure of your information.We use this information to understand your opinions and collect information relevant to our organization.Sweepstakes or ContestsWhen you participate in a sweepstakes or contest we collect information about you which includes contact information to notify you if you are selected.We use this information to operate the sweepstakes. In some contexts, we are also required by law to collect information about those that enter into our sweepstakes.
By participating, you are automatically enrolled in our mailing lists.Website InteractionsWe use technology to monitor how you access and interact with our website. This may include which links you click on, or information that you type into our online forms. This may also include information about your device or browser.We use this information to understand how you interact with our website to better improve it, and to understand your preferences and interests in order to select offerings that you might find most useful. We also have a legitimate interest in detecting and preventing fraud.Web LogsWe collect information, including your browser type, operating system, Internet Protocol (IP) address (a number that is automatically assigned to a computer when the Internet is used), domain name, click-activity, referring website, and/or a date/time stamp for visitors.We use this information to monitor our networks and understand behavior patterns of visitors to our websites. This allows us to improve our browse and shopping experiences.Gift InformationWe collect your name and contact and payment information, as well as the name, email address, and/or shipping address of the gift recipient.We use this information to fulfill the order.
Recipients will also be automatically enrolled in our mailing lists.In addition to the information that we collect from you directly, we may also receive information about you from other sources, including third parties, business partners, our affiliates, or publicly available sources.
For example, if you submit a job application, or become an employee, we may conduct a background check.Use and Processing of InformationIn addition to the purposes and uses described above, we use information in the following ways: To identify you when you visit our websites or our stores To provide products and services or to process returnsTo improve our services and product offeringsTo streamline the checkout processTo conduct analyticsTo respond to inquiries related to support, employment opportunities, or other requests To send marketing and promotional materials, including information relating to our products, services, sales, or promotionsFor internal administrative purposes, as well as to manage our relationshipsAlthough the sections above describe our primary purpose in collecting your information, in many situations we have more than one purpose.
For example, if you complete an online purchase we may collect your information to perform our contract with you, but we also collect your information so that we can quickly and easily respond to any questions about your order.
As a result, our collection and processing of your information is based in different contexts upon your consent, our need to perform a contract, our obligations under law, and/or our general interest in conducting our business.Cookies and Other Information Collecting TechnologiesWhat are cookies? A cookie is a small file placed onto your device that enables a variety of features and functionality. We use first party cookies and other similar technologies to ensure everyone who uses our website has the best possible experience.
We also use them to customize your shopping experience as well as for marketing and advertising.How are cookies used for advertising purposes? We use third party cookies and other ad technologies such as beacons, pixels, and tags help us to cater ads to your interests. They also help us provide aggregated auditing, research, and reporting for advertisers and to understand and improve our products and services. Controlling cookies. Most browsers allow you to control and erase cookies through their settings preferences. However, if you limit the ability of websites to set cookies, you may worsen your overall user experience, since it will no longer be personalized to you. Additionally, if you block first party cookies, you may not be able to make a purchase. Sharing of InformationIn addition to the specific situations discussed elsewhere in this policy, we disclose information in the following situations:Affiliates and Acquisitions. We may share information with our corporate affiliates (e.g., parent company, sister companies, subsidiaries, joint ventures, or other companies under common control).
If another company acquires, or plans to acquire, our company, business, or our assets, we will also share information with that company, including at the negotiation stage. Other Disclosures with Your Consent.
We may ask if you would like us to share your information with other unaffiliated third parties who are not described elsewhere in this policy.Other Disclosures without Your Consent. We may disclose information in response to subpoenas, warrants, or court orders, or in connection with any legal process, or to comply with relevant laws.
We may also share your information in order to establish or exercise our rights, to defend against a legal claim, to investigate, prevent, or take action regarding possible illegal activities, suspected fraud, safety of person or property, or a violation of our policies, or to comply with your request for the shipment of products to or the provision of services by a third party intermediary.Public. Some of our websites may provide the opportunity to post comments, or reviews, in a public forum.
If you decide to submit information on these pages, that information may be publicly available. Partner Promotion. We may offer contests, sweepstakes, or other promotions with third party partners.
If you decide to enter a contest, sweepstakes, or promotion that is sponsored by a third party partner the information that you provide will be shared with us and with them.
Their use of your information is not governed by this privacy policy. Service Providers. We share your information with service providers.
Among other things service providers may help us to administer our website, collect data for analysis purposes, conduct surveys, provide technical support, process payments, and assist in the fulfillment of orders.Gift Information. Our website provides the opportunity to send gifts to businesses, family, or friends. In order to properly provide these services, we collect your name and contact and payment information, as well as the name, email address, and/or shipping address of the gift recipient. Cooperative Marketing Databases. We share your personal information with cooperative marketing databases.
These cooperatives share your information with other businesses to send postal mail marketing to you.Your ChoicesYou can make the following choices regarding your personal information:Access to Your Personal Information. You may request access to your personal information by contacting us at the address described below. If required by law, upon request, we will grant you reasonable access to the personal information that we have about you. Note that California residents may be entitled to ask us for a notice describing what categories of personal information (if any) we share with third parties or affiliates for direct marketing. Deletion of Your Personal Information.
You may request that we delete your personal information by contacting us at the address described below.
If required by law we will grant a request to delete information, but you should note that in many situations we must keep your personal information to comply with our legal obligations, resolve disputes, enforce our agreements, or for another one of our business purposes. Online Tracking.
We do not currently recognize automated browser signals regarding tracking mechanisms, which may include "Do Not Track" instructions. Promotional Emails. We send free newsletters, surveys, offers, and other promotional materials to you, as well as occasional targeted offers from third parties. You are automatically subscribed to these emails when you make a purchase or account with us.
You can stop receiving promotional emails by following the unsubscribe instructions in e-mails that you receive.
If you decide not to receive promotional emails, we may still send you service related communications. Catalogs and Ground Mailings.
If at any time you do not want to receive offers and/or circulars from us you can remove yourself from our mailing lists by emailing us (our contact information is below) with "NO GROUND MAIL" in the subject line along with your name, and address. Please note that our mailings are prepared in advance of their being sent. Although we will remove your name from our mailing list after receiving your request, you may still receive mailings from us that had been initiated prior to your name being removed.Promotional Text Messages.
If you receive a text message from us that contains promotional information you can opt-out of receiving future text messages by replying “STOP.”Please address written requests and questions about your rights to customerservice@kansascitysteaks.com, or call us 1-800-524-1844. Note that, as required by law, you will need to prove your identity.
We may verify your identity by phone call or email. Depending on your request, we will ask for information such as your name, the last item you purchased from us, or the date of your last purchase from us. We may also ask you to provide a signed declaration confirming your identity.In some circumstances, you may designate an authorized agent to submit requests to exercise certain privacy rights on your behalf.
We will require verification that you provided the authorized agent permission to make a request on your behalf.
You must provide us with a copy of the signed permission you have given to the authorized agent to submit the request on your behalf and verify your own identity directly with us. If you are an authorized agent submitting a request on behalf of an individual you must attach a copy of the following information to the request: A completed Authorized Agent Designation Form indicating that you have authorization to act on the consumer’s behalf.If you are a business, proof that you are registered with the Secretary of State to conduct business in California.If we do not receive both pieces of information, the request will be denied.How We Protect Personal InformationProtecting your personal information is important to us.
While we work to protect your information, a breach may still happen.
In the event of a breach that we are required by law to inform you of, we may notify you electronically, in writing, or by telephone, if permitted to do so by law.If you choose to create an online account, you will be prompted to create a password. You are responsible for maintaining the confidentiality of your password, and you are responsible for any access to or use of your account by someone else that has obtained your password, whether or not such access or use has been authorized by you.
You should notify us of any unauthorized use of your password or account.Other Important InformationThe following additional information relates to our privacy practices:Third Party Applications/Websites.
We have no control over the privacy practices of websites or applications that we do not own. Changes to This Privacy Policy.
We may change our privacy policy and practices over time.
To the extent that our policy changes in a material way, the policy that was in place at the time that you submitted personal information to us will generally govern that information unless we receive your consent to the new privacy policy.
Our privacy policy includes an “effective” and “last updated” date. The effective date refers to the date that the current version took effect. The last updated date refers to the date that the current version was last substantively modified.Accessibility. If you are visually impaired, you may access this notice through your browser’s audio reader.Children. We do not knowingly sell the personal information of minors under 16 years of age.Information for California Residents.
California law indicates that organizations should disclose whether certain categories of information are collected, “sold” or transferred for an organization’s “business purpose” (as those terms are defined under California law).
You can find a list of the categories of information that we collect and share here. Please note that because this list is comprehensive it may refer to types of information that we share about people other than yourself. If you would like more information concerning the categories of personal information (if any) we share with third parties or affiliates for those parties to use for direct marketing please submit a written request to us using the information in the "Contact Information" section below.
We do not discriminate against California residents who exercise any of their rights described in this Privacy Policy. Contact InformationIf you have any questions, comments, or complaints concerning our privacy practices please contact us at the appropriate address below.
We will attempt to respond to your requests and to provide you with additional privacy-related information.Kansas City Steak Company:customerservice@kansascitysteaks.comPO Box 20566Kansas City, MO 641951-800-524-1844Effective Date: 7/14/2020Last Revised Date: 7/14/2020