http://www.suburbanwheelcover.com/Terms_privacy.asp
SHOP CATEGORIES
Used + New Hub Caps
New & Used Center Caps
Chrome & Black Wheel Skins
New Replica Hubcaps
Truck Simulators & Hubcaps
Aftermarket Center Caps
12" Hubcap Sets
Trim Rings / Beauty Rings
Hot Rod Hubcaps
Car & Truck Wheels
Chrome Grille Inserts
Center Cap Cable Locks
IPCW Tail Lights
Chrome Accessories
Spare Tire Cover
Universal Floor Mats
Translate
Testimonials
"What a great site and nice products! I found exactly what I needed at a good price. A+ Suburban! " –Martin - NY
CAPLOC Center Cap Lock Kit
"I know nothing about cars. Suburban Wheel Cover made it easy and sold me exactly what I needed. My Toyota Corolla looks good again." –Sandra - LA
450-15S Corolla Replacement Hubcaps
"I got a great deal on a set of chrome wheel skins for my GMC Terrain. I didn't spend that much money and I love the way my Terrain looks! Thank you very much." –Jason - MA
IMP-351X Wheel Skins
"Highly recommended, great customer service, a pleasure to do business with!" –Lynn - NY
Infiniti QX4 Wheel Center Cap
"Everything about this purchase was perfect, with fast shipping & just as described!" –Dale - KY
Phoenix Wheel Simulators
"Great seller! A++++ awesome paint job on Mustang Quarter Panel Scoops... Great item!" –Michael - NM Side Quarter Scoops
"As a body shop owner, I buy as much as possible from this seller. AWESOME!" –David - CO
Chevrolet Equinox Grille Insert
"Excellent overall experience! Suburban Wheel Cover prices can't be beat! Wheel covers arrived in less than a week... even though I am in Canada." –Guildo Morneau-Montreal
F150 Chrome Wheel Skins
"I highly recommend Suburban Wheel Cover. They are fast, friendly and they shipped the right centre caps for my Lincoln Mark LT truck. They are awesome!" -Mike Ontario, Canada - Chrome Mark LT Center Caps
Go!
Suburban Main Menu
Center Caps
Aftermarket Center Caps
Center Cap Cable Locks
Chrome + Black Wheel Skins
Cadillac Chrome Wheel Skins
Chevrolet Chrome Wheel Skins
Chrysler Chrome Wheel Skins
Dodge Chrome Wheel Skins
Ford Chrome Wheel Skins
GMC Chrome Wheel Skins
Honda Chrome Wheel Skins
Hyundai Chrome Wheel Skins
Jeep Chrome Wheel Skins
Kia Chrome Wheel Skins
Mazda Chrome Wheel Skins
Mercury Chrome Wheel Skins
Mitsubishi Chrome Wheel Skins
Nissan Chrome Wheel Skins
Subaru Chrome Wheel Skins
Suzuki Chrome Wheel Skins
Toyota Chrome Wheel Skins
Chrome Accessories
Chrome Pillar Post Covers
Chrome Door Handle Covers
Chrome Mirror Covers
Chrome Tail Gate Handle Covers
Chrome Grille Inserts
Cadillac Grille Inserts
Chevrolet Grille Inserts
Chrysler Grille Inserts
Dodge Grille Inserts
Ford Grille Inserts
GMC Grille Inserts
Honda Grille Inserts
Jeep Grille Inserts
Kia Grille Inserts
Nissan Grille Inserts
Toyota Grille Insert
Buick Grille Inserts
Scion Grille Inserts
Hyundai Grille Inserts
About Us
Contact Us
Policies
Returns
SWC Blog
Privacy Policy
What information do we collect?We collect information from you when you register on the site, place an order, enter a contest or sweepstakes, respond to a survey or communication such as e-mail, or participate in another site feature.When ordering or registering, we may ask you for your name, e-mail address, mailing address, phone number, credit card information or other information. You may, however, visit our site anonymously.We also collect information about gift recipients so that we can fulfill the gift purchase. The information we collect about gift recipients is not used for marketing purposes.Like many websites, we use "cookies" to enhance your experience and gather information about visitors and visits to our websites. Please refer to the "Do we use 'cookies'?" section below for information about cookies and how we use them.How do we use your information?We may use the information we collect from you when you register, purchase products, enter a contest or promotion, respond to a survey or marketing communication, surf the website, or use certain other site features in the following ways:To personalize your site experience and to allow us to deliver the type of content and product offerings in which you are most interested.To allow us to better service you in responding to your customer service requests.To quickly process your transactions.To administer a contest, promotion, survey or other site feature.If you have opted-in to receive our e-mail newsletter, we may send you periodic e-mails. If you would no longer like to receive promotional e-mail from us, please refer to the "How can you opt-out, remove or modify information you have provided to us?" section below. If you have not opted-in to receive e-mail newsletters, you will not receive these e-mails. Visitors who register or participate in other site features such as marketing programs and 'members-only' content will be given a choice whether they would like to be on our e-mail list and receive e-mail communications from us.How do we protect visitor information?We implement a variety of security measures to maintain the safety of your personal information. Your personal information is contained behind secured networks and is only accessible by a limited number of persons who have special access rights to such systems, and are required to keep the information confidential. When you place orders or access your personal information, we offer the use of a secure server. All sensitive/credit information you supply is transmitted via Secure Socket Layer (SSL) technology and then encrypted into our databases to be only accessed as stated above.Do we use "cookies"?Yes. Cookies are small files that a site or its service provider transfers to your computer's hard drive through your Web browser (if you allow) that enables the site's or service provider's systems to recognize your browser and capture and remember certain information. For instance, we use cookies to help us remember and process the items in your shopping cart. They are also used to help us understand your preferences based on previous or current site activity, which enables us to provide you with improved services. We also use cookies to help us compile aggregate data about site traffic and site interaction so that we can offer better site experiences and tools in the future.We may contract with third-party service providers to assist us in better understanding our site visitors. These service providers are not permitted to use the information collected on our behalf except to help us conduct and improve our business.You can choose to have your computer warn you each time a cookie is being sent, or you can choose to turn off all cookies. You do this through your browser (like Netscape Navigator or Internet Explorer) settings. Each browser is a little different, so look at your browser Help menu to learn the correct way to modify your cookies. If you turn cookies off, you won't have access to many features that make your site experience more efficient and some of our services will not function properly. However, you can still place orders over the telephone by contacting customer service.Do we disclose the information we collect to outside parties?We do not sell, trade, or otherwise transfer to outside parties your personally identifiable information unless we provide you with advance notice, except as described below. The term "outside parties" does not include Suburban Wheel Cover. It also does not include website hosting partners and other parties who assist us in operating our website, conducting our business, or servicing you, so long as those parties agree to keep this information confidential. We may also release your information when we believe release is appropriate to comply with the law, enforce our site policies, or protect ours or others' rights, property, or safety.However, non-personally identifiable visitor information may be provided to other parties for marketing, advertising, or other uses.How can you opt-out, remove or modify information you have provided to us?To modify your e-mail subscriptions, please let us know by modifying your preferences in the "My Account" section. Please note that due to email production schedules you may receive any emails already in production.To delete all of your online account information from our database, sign into the "My Account" section of our site and remove your shipping addresses, billing addresses & payment information. Please note that we may maintain information about an individual sales transaction in order to service that transaction and for record keeping.Third party linksIn an attempt to provide you with increased value, we may include third party links on our site. These linked sites have separate and independent privacy policies. We therefore have no responsibility or liability for the content and activities of these linked sites. Nonetheless, we seek to protect the integrity of our site and welcome any feedback about these linked sites (including if a specific link does not work).Changes to our policyIf we decide to change our privacy policy, we will post those changes on this page. Policy changes will apply only to information collected after the date of the change. This policy was last modified on August 6, 2003.Questions and feedbackWe welcome your questions, comments, and concerns about privacy. Please send us any and all feedback pertaining to privacy, or any other issue.Online Policy OnlyThis online privacy policy applies only to information collected through our website and not to information collected offline.Terms and ConditionsPlease also visit our Terms and Conditions section establishing the use, disclaimers, and limitations of liability governing the use of our website.Your consentBy using our site, you consent to our privacy policy.