http://www.grapetray.com/privacy-policy
Privacy Policy
Information Collection & Use
In order to use some features of this web site, you must first create a user name and
password. During registration you are required to give contact information (such as your
email address). We use this information to contact you about the services on our site in
which you have expressed interest. We will notify you when your user account has been created.
The Grape Tray is the sole owner of the information collected on grapetray.com. The Grape Tray
collects personally identifiable information from our users at several different points on our Web site.
If you purchase a product or service from us, we request certain personally identifiable
information from you on our order form. You must provide contact information (such as name,
email, and shipping address) and financial information (such as credit card number, expiration
date).
We use this information for billing purposes and to fill your orders.
If we have trouble processing an order, we will use this information to contact you.
Communications from the Site
We will occasionally send you information on products, services, or events.
You can sign up for these emails from us on your account page. Out of respect for your
privacy, we present the option not to receive these types of communications.
Based upon the personally identifiable information you provide us, we will send
you a welcoming email to verify your username and password. We will also communicate with
you in response to your inquiries, to provide the services you request, and to manage your account.
Information Sharing
We store information that we collect through cookies to create a 'profile' of your
preferences. We do not tie your personally identifiable information, or your purchasing
history, to information in the profile. We share your profile with other third parties in
aggregate form only. We do not link aggregate user data with personally identifiable
information. We DO NOT share personally identifiable information with third parties.
We use an outside shipping company to send orders, and a credit card processing company
to bill you for goods and services. These companies do not retain, share, store or use
personally identifiable information for any other purposes.
Legal Disclaimer
We reserve the right to disclose your personally identifiable information as
required by law and when we believe that disclosure is necessary to protect our
rights and/or to comply with a judicial proceeding, court order, or legal process
served on our Web site.
Choice/Opt-out
We provide you the opportunity to 'opt-out' of having your personally identifiable
information used for certain purposes, when we ask for this information. For example,
if you purchase a product/service but do not wish to receive any additional marketing
material from us, you can indicate your preference on your account page.
If you no longer wish to receive our newsletter and promotional communications,
we offer an opportunity to opt-out of certain communications on our customer account
page, or you may contact us at 559-226-6828, by Email,
or The Grape Tray, 6023 North Palm Avenue Fresno, CA 93704.
Cookies
We use a third-party tracking service that uses cookies to track non-personally
identifiable information about visitors to our site in the aggregate (such as
overall traffic and sales rates) so that we can identify problems on the site
and provide a better shipping experience for our visitors.
A cookie is a small text file that is stored on a user's computer for record-keeping
purposes. We do use cookies on this site. We do not link the information we store in
cookies to any personally identifiable information you submit while on our site. If
you reject cookies, you may still use our site, but your ability to use some areas
of our site, such as the shopping cart, will be limited.
Clear GIFs
We employ a software technology called clear GIFs that help us better manage content
on our site by informing us what content is effective. Clear GIFs are tiny graphics with
a unique identifier, similar in function to cookies, and are used to track the online movements
of Web users. We use clear GIFs in our HTML-based emails to let us know which emails have
been opened by recipients. This allows us to gauge the effectiveness of certain communications
and the effectiveness of our marketing campaigns. If you would like to opt-out of these emails,
please see Choice/Opt-out.
Links to Other Sites
This Web site contains links to other sites that are not owned or controlled
by The Grape Tray. Please be aware that we, The Grape Tray, are not responsible
for the privacy practices of such other sites. We encourage you to be aware when you
leave our site and to read the privacy statements of each and every Web site that
collects personally identifiable information. This privacy statement applies only to
information collected by this Web site.
Access to Personally Identifiable Information
If your personally identifiable information changes you may edit it by making the
change on your account page, by Email, or by
contacting us by telephone or postal mail at the contact information listed below.
Security
The security of your personal information is important to us. When you enter
sensitive information (such as credit card number) on our order forms, we encrypt
that information using secure socket layer technology (SSL). We follow generally
accepted industry standards to protect the personal information submitted to us,
both during transmission and once we receive it. No method of transmission over
the Internet, or method of electronic storage, is 100% secure, however. Therefore,
while we strive to use commercially acceptable means to protect your personal information,
we cannot guarantee its absolute security.
Changes in this Privacy Statement
If we decide to change our privacy policy, we will post those changes to
this privacy statement, the homepage, and other places we deem appropriate so
that you are aware of what information we collect, how we use it, and under what
circumstances, if any, we disclose it. We reserve the right to modify this privacy statement
at any time, so please review it frequently. If we make material changes to this policy,
we will notify you here, by email, or by means of a notice on our home page.
Contact Us
If you have any questions or suggestions regarding our privacy policy, please contact us.
Are you 21 years old, or older?
Yes
No