http://www.alight.com/legal-terms
Alight Legal Notice
Copyright
The content contained in this Website, including but not limited to all design, text, sound recordings, and images, is owned, except as otherwise expressly stated, by Alight or one of its affiliates or subsidiaries ("Alight"). Except as otherwise expressly stated herein or to the extent permitted by law, the content may not be copied, transmitted, displayed, performed, distributed, licensed, altered, framed, stored for subsequent use, or otherwise used in whole or in part in any manner without Alight’s prior written consent. Users of this site may be permitted to download certain material posted on this site (e.g. white papers). When using downloadable materials, all copyright, trade mark, and other proprietary notices may not be removed or altered and remain in effect.
Trademark
The trademarks, service marks, trade names, and logos (“Marks”) appearing on this Website are owned by Alight, or third parties who have authorized their use.
Nothing contained on this Website should be construed as granting any license or right to use any Mark displayed on the Website without the written permission of Alight or such third party that may own the Mark. Misuse of any Marks, or any other content, displayed on this website is prohibited.
The Marks and their respective owners include, without limitation, the following.
Owned by Alight Solutions LLC:
Alight®
UPoint®
Compass Healthcare Navigation Solutions™
WealthSpark™
Consumer Health Mindset®
Financial Mindset®
Workforce Mindset®
Owned by Third Parties:
The following, and any associated logos, are the Marks (registered or otherwise) of these respective firms.
Workday
SAP SuccessFactors
Cornerstone On Demand
Oracle
1871
Wipro
Evive
Lark
Oviahealth
meQuilibrium
Kashable
Leaf
Personal Capital
PTO Exchange
Content
Alight makes no representations about the suitability of the content of this site for any purpose. All content is provided "as is" without any warranty of any kind.
ALIGHT HAS NOT MADE AND DOES NOT MAKE ANY WARRANTY OF ANY KIND WHATEVER, EXPRESS OR IMPLIED, WITH RESPECT TO THE CONTENTS OF THIS SITE; AND ALL IMPLIED WARRANTIES OF MERCHANTABILITY, TITLE, NON-INFRINGEMENT AND FITNESS FOR A PARTICULAR PURPOSE ARE HEREBY DISCLAIMED BY ALIGHT. ALIGHT WILL NOT BE LIABLE TO ANYONE WITH RESPECT TO ANY DAMAGES, LOSS OR CLAIM WHATSOEVER, NO MATTER HOW OCCASIONED, IN CONNECTION WITH ACCESS TO OR USE OF THE CONTENTS OF THIS SITE. IN NO EVENT SHALL ALIGHT BE LIABLE FOR ANY SPECIAL, INDIRECT, EXEMPLARY OR CONSEQUENTIAL DAMAGES OR ANY DAMAGES WHATSOEVER, INCLUDING BUT NOT LIMITED TO LOSS OF USE, DATA OR PROFITS, WITHOUT REGARD TO THE FORM OF ANY ACTION INCLUDING BUT NOT LIMITED TO CONTRACT OR NEGLIGENCE OR OTHER TORTIOUS ACTIONS, ARISING OUT OF OR IN CONNECTION WITH THE USE, COPYING OR DISPLAY OF THE CONTENT.
While Alight believes the content to be accurate, complete and current, there may be inadvertent technical or factual inaccuracies and typographical errors and Alight does not warrant that the information is accurate or complete or current. It is your responsibility to verify any information before relying on it. At any time and from time to time Alight may make changes in the products and/or services described herein, however, Alight makes no commitment to update the information and expressly disclaims liability for errors or omissions in it.
Links to Other Sites
Some of the sites listed as links herein are not under the control of Alight. Accordingly, Alight makes no representations whatsoever concerning the content of those sites. The fact that Alight has provided a link to a site is not an endorsement, authorization, sponsorship or affiliation by Alight with respect to such site, its owners or its providers. Alight is providing these links only as a convenience to you. Alight has not tested any information, software or products found on these sites and therefore cannot make any representations whatsoever with respect thereto. There are risks in using any information, software or products found on the Internet, and Alight cautions you to make sure that you completely understand these risks before retrieving, using, relying upon or purchasing anything via the Internet.
Recommendation Disclosure
Alight, including all of its subsidiaries and affiliates, maintains relationships with clients and business partners around the world. When Alight recommends or mentions a product or service provider, it is possible that the product or service is being offered by one of Alight's clients or business partners.
Alight maintains a strict Code of Business Conduct covering many topics, including antitrust and competition law, conflicts of interest, anti-bribery, privacy, financial reporting, compliance with trade restrictions, protection of confidential information, and compliance with all laws and regulations applicable to the conduct of our business. Alight also files necessary disclosures with all governmental regulators.
If you have any questions about an Alight recommendation or mention of another business entity (or about an entity with whom Alight conducts business), please follow-up with your Alight contact person. Alight is committed to serving our clients in a transparent manner.
Fee/Commission Disclosure
Subsidiaries of Alight that provide retail, wholesale and reinsurance brokerage, risk management, underwriting management, captive management and benefits consulting may receive remuneration as commissions or fees paid by an insurer; fees paid by a client in lieu of, or in addition to, commissions; and investment income on premiums, claim payments and return premiums temporarily held as fiduciary funds. In certain circumstances, one or more of these affiliates may also receive compensation in the following forms: commissions or fees paid to reinsurance brokerage or captive management companies for placement or management of reinsurance of a client’s risk; commissions or fees paid to a wholesale broker to which a risk has been referred for placement; commissions or fees paid for premium financing; and compensation paid by underwriters for performance of technical or other services.
If you have any questions regarding the nature or amount of the compensation paid to any Alight company on your account, we encourage you to contact the head of the Alight office that services your account.
In addition, Alight has committed to provide, upon request, detailed year-end summary information to our clients on compensation we receive from insurers or other third parties in connection with the placement, renewal, consultation on or servicing of policies.
Export Controls
Some software from this site may be subject to export controls imposed by the United States of America and may not be downloaded or otherwise exported or reexported: (a) into (or to a national resident of) any country to which the U. S. has placed an embargo; (b) to everyone on the U. S. Treasury Department's Specially Designated Nationals list; or (c) the U. S. Commerce Department's Table of Denial Orders. If you download or use the software, you represent and warrant that you are not located in, or under the control of, or a national of any such country or on such list.
Client Data, Collection and Use
Alight gathers data containing information about its clients and their insurance placements, including, but not limited to, names, industry codes, policy types, and policy expiration dates, as well as information about the insurance companies that provide coverage to its clients or compete for its clients’ insurance placements. This information is maintained in one or more databases.
Alight may use or disclose information about its clients, if required to do so by law, Alight policy, pursuant to legal process or in response to a request from law enforcement authorities or other government officials. In addition to being used for the benefit of Alight’s clients, these databases also may be accessed by other Alight affiliates for other purposes, including providing consulting, and other services to insurance companies for which Alight or its affiliates may earn compensation.
Due to the global nature of services provided by Alight, the personal information Client may provide may be transmitted, used, stored and otherwise processed outside the country where Client submitted that information.
Modern Slavery Statement
(click here)
For further information regarding Alight's data privacy practices, please see Alight's Privacy Statement.