http://www.uniquemagazines.co.uk/helppages/cookies
0345 303 6750
Monday-Friday 9.30am-4pm
The product has been added to your basket.
Click on 'View your Basket' to see your full basket.
Basket Â£0.00 (0)
Your Basket
There are no items in your basket
View Basket
COVID-19 Important Delivery Updates
Browse Categories
Tap to Browse Categories
General Interest Leisure & Lifestyle Men & Women Interests Kids & Teens Motoring & Transport Sport Magazines from Abroad Indie
A-Z
News
Schools
Libraries
B2B
My Account
Login
Terms and Conditions
Privacy Notice
Renewals
Help
What payment methods are accepted?
How long will it take to receive my first magazine?
All Help Topics
Cookies: How we use them and your privacy
Cookies enable us to identify your device, or you when you have logged in. We use cookies that are strictly necessary to enable you to move around the site or to provide certain basic features such as Login and Shopping. We use cookies to enhance the functionality of the website by storing your preferences, for example. We also use cookies to help us to improve the performance of our website to provide you with a better user experience.
We don’t sell the information collected by cookies, nor do we disclose
the information to third parties, except where required by law (for
example to government bodies and law enforcement agencies).
What Are Cookies?
'Cookies' are a type of file stored on your internet device (PC,
Phone or Tablet) and used by most websites in various ways, including
enabling you to login, shop online, and generally personalise your
online experience.
Cookies can also be used to track your activity and behaviour online,
this provides website owners important insights into the quality of
their services, enabling them to improve and better meet the needs of
all their visitors.
We use Anonymous Cookies
All of the cookies we use are anonymous.  They contain random strings of numbers and letters.  No personal information of any kind is stored in a cookie.  We take your privacy and security extremely seriously, and therefore none of your information is stored in cookies.
Cookies we use
Strictly Necessary: We use the following cookies which are necessary to the function of the Unique Magazines website.
Cookie Name
Purpose
What it Stores
Expires
ASP.NET_SessionId
This is a session cookie which is deleted as soon as you close your browser.
An anonymous string of numbers
Example: cmg0rpfwhyzloj45geqfzo55
When browser is closed
currentCustomer
This anonymous cookie identifies you within our store, and is used to secure an order to you, and only you.
An anonymous string of numbers and letters
Example: ad22cb7d-fd0e-4182-a6d4-295df1d90509
1 Year
currentOrder
This is set when you start an order by placing an item in your shopping basket.  It allows us to identify your order.
An anonymous string of numbers and letters
Example: 97433a6c-d827-408e-9040-e91e03ad4324
14 Days
Unique_Auth
This is set when you log into your account, or start the checkout process.  It secures your checkout experience and account
An encrypted string of characters.
30 minutes
Improving Performance
In order to monitor the usage of our website, and so that we can improve our website to better suit the needs of our customers, we track customer activity within the store using a product called Google Analytics.
All tracking is anonymous, so all we can see is information like "10 customers looked at page X" but we have no idea who those customers are.
The cookies which will appear are:
Cookie Name
Purpose
What it stores
Expires
__utma
This tracks first visit, last visit, days and visits until purchase.
A string of numbers
2 Years
__utmb
This cookie track your exact arrival time and exit time.  This is a session cookie
A string of numbers
30 minutes
__utmc
This cookie works with __utmb to track visits
A string of numbers
When browser closes
__utmz
This cookie monitors the referring page.  So when you visit a page, this cookie tells us which page you looked at previously
A collection of information about the previous page
6 Months
Managing Your Cookies
We will be providing you with the ability to opt-out of tracking cookies, but until this is available you can easily block cookies using the preferences available in your browser.
If you'd like to disable cookies on this device, please visit www.aboutcookies.org for more information on how to do this. Please be aware that parts of the site will not function correctly if you disable cookies. By using our websites you consent to our use of cookies on this device in accordance with our cookie policy unless you have disabled them.
Help Topics
Contact Us
Delivery Services
Gifting
My Order
Payment and Pricing
Policies
Questions and Answers
Returns and Refunds
All Help Topics
Your Account
Information
Contact Details
New Magazines
About Unique Magazines
Publishers
Publisher Subscription Services
Single Issue Magazines
Children's Magazines
Customer Service
Contact us on 0345 303 6750
9.30am - 4pm Monday - Friday
Social Networks
Follow us through our social networking.
Unique Magazines Limited
Sands Industrial Estate
Swalwell
Newcastle Upon Tyne
NE16 3DJ
©Copyright Unique Magazines 2020 All rights reserved. VAT Number 828958664.
Unique Magazines Limited is a company registered in England and Wales.
Company Number 04842207.
Request a Magazine
Newsletter Signup
I'm fine with this [X]
Unique Magazines uses cookies. Read about our cookies.
If you continue to use the site, we'll assume you're happy to accept the cookies.