http://www.freshwaterfilter.com/terms-and-conditions
For the best chance of pre Christmas delivery, order by 18th December. Post and courier services are reporting delays.
0
01603 871594
About us
Filter Systems
Replacement Filters
Taps
Spares Parts
Accessories
Multipure
FreshWater FAQs
Multipure FAQs
Contact Us
Login
Register
About Us
Products
Filter Systems
Replacement Filters
Taps
Spares Parts
Accessories
My Account
Login
Register
Multipure
FAQs
FreshWater FAQs
Multipure FAQs
Our Terms & Conditions
Introduction
Welcome to our website. If you continue to use and browse this website you are agreeing to comply with and be bound by the following terms and conditions of use, which together with our privacy policy govern the relationship of Greg Rowe limited and you, the website user in relation to this website. The term “Greg Rowe” or any of our brands including, “Freshwater”, “Filterflow”, “British Water Filters” or “us” or “we” refers to the owner of the website. The term “you” refers to the user or viewer of our website.
These terms and conditions apply between you, the user of this website and Greg Rowe Limited, the owner and operator of this website. Please read these terms and conditions carefully as they affect your legal rights. Your agreement to comply with and be bound by these terms and conditions is deemed to occur on your first use of this website. If you do not agree to be bound by these terms and conditions, you should stop using the site. We may change these terms and conditions at any time. It is your responsibility to check these web conditions in case there are any changes. If you access and use the site after we have made a change to these web conditions you shall be treated as having accepted the change. These terms and conditions apply to all transactions on this site. Please read them carefully. They do not affect your statutory rights. These terms and conditions apply to the use of this website and by accessing this website and/or placing an order you agree to be bound by the terms and conditions set out here. If you do not agree to be bound by these terms and conditions you may not use or access this website.
This site is owned and operated by Greg Rowe Ltd, whose registered office is at:
Old Winery Business Park Chapel Street Cawston Norwich NR10 4FE
The registered company registration number is 3268435.
Vat registration number is 691 1983 06.
If you have any questions or comments regarding these terms and conditions please call 01603 875 468 Monday–Friday, 09–00 to 17–00 or email: enquiries@gregrowe.com
Intellectual property & acceptable use
All content included on the website is the property of Greg Rowe limited, our affiliates or other relevant third parties. Content means any trade, brand or business name, text, graphics, original images, audio, video, software, page layout, underlying code and software. By continuing to use the website you acknowledge that such content is protected by copyright, trademarks, database rights and other intellectual property rights.The use of this website is subject to the following terms of use:
The content of the pages of this website is for your general information and use only. It is subject to change without notice.
Neither we nor any third parties provide any warranty or guarantee as to the accuracy, timeliness, performance, completeness or suitability of the information and materials found or offered on this website for any particular purpose. You acknowledge that such information and materials may contain inaccuracies or errors and we expressly exclude liability for any such inaccuracies or errors to the fullest extent permitted by law.
Your use of any information or materials on this website is entirely at your own risk, for which we shall not be liable. It shall be your own responsibility to ensure that any products, services or information available through this website meet your specific requirements.
This website contains material which is owned by or licensed to us. This material includes, but is not limited to, the design, layout, look, appearance and graphics. Reproduction is prohibited other than in accordance with the copyright notice, which forms part of these terms and conditions.
Unauthorised use of this website may give rise to a claim for damages and/or be a criminal offence.
This website may include links to other websites. These links are provided for your convenience to provide further information. They do not signify that we endorse the website(s). We have no responsibility for the content of the linked website(s).
You may not create a link to this website from another website or document without Greg Rowe’s prior written consent.
You must not otherwise reproduce, modify, copy, distribute or use for commercial purposes any content without the written permission of Greg Rowe.
You may not use the website in any way which causes or may cause damage to the website or in any way which is harmful, unlawful, illegal, abusive or otherwise objectionable.
Your use of this website and any dispute arising out of such use of the website is subject to the laws of England.
You may view, print, download or store temporarily extracts from the site for your own personal reference. Otherwise than as provided, the site cannot, whether in whole or as to any part, be copied, reproduced, distributed, or transmitted in any medium (including, without limitation, by the internet) without our written permission.
Availability of the website & accuracy of content
The site and content is provided for your general information only; we advise that, although Greg Rowe makes every effort to maintain the accuracy of information on the site, content may not be accurate and complete and is provided ‘as is’. We make no warranty that Greg Rowe websites will meet your requirements or will be uninterrupted, timely or error–free, that defects will be corrected, or that the site or the server that makes it available are free of viruses or bugs or represents the full functionality, accuracy, and reliability of the website. Whilst Greg Rowe limited uses reasonable endeavours to ensure that the website is secure and free of errors, viruses and other malware, we give no warranty or guarantee in that regard and all users take responsibility for their own security, that of their personal details and their computers. We will not be responsible or liable to you for any loss of content or material uploaded or transmitted through Greg Rowe websites.
Third party content, ‘partners’ and links from the site
Greg Rowe websites may include links to other sites. Unless expressly stated, these sites are not under the control of Greg Rowe limited or that of our affiliates. We assume no responsibility for the content of such websites and disclaim liability from any and all forms of loss or damage arising out of use of them. We cannot be responsible for the protection and privacy of any information which you provide whilst visiting external sites and such sites are not governed by this privacy policy.
General terms
These terms and conditions and all transactions relating to this website are governed by English law and are subject to the non–exclusive jurisdiction of the English courts. All disputes arising under the agreement shall be subject to the jurisdiction of the English and welsh courts. However, if you are a resident of Northern Ireland you may also bring proceedings in Northern Ireland, and if you are a resident of Scotland, you may also bring proceedings in Scotland. We do not accept amendments to these terms and conditions. Additional terms and conditions may apply for prize competitions, online bidding, pre–release orders and our added value services and offers. If so, you will be alerted to them at the relevant juncture.
These terms and conditions only cover the Greg Rowe and Greg Rowe brand websites TapSparesUK, Freshwater and Filterflow. Any other websites which are linked to from this site are governed by their own terms and conditions. We are required by law to tell you that sales can be concluded in English only and that no public filing requirements apply. You may not transfer your rights under these terms and conditions to any other person. We may transfer our rights under these terms and conditions where we reasonably believe your rights will not be affected. These terms and conditions may be revised and varied from time to time. Such revised terms will apply to the website from the date of publication. Users should check the terms and conditions regularly to ensure familiarity with the current version.
Privacy policy and use of your personal information
The use of Greg Rowe websites is governed by our privacy policy and cookies policy which are incorporated into these terms and conditions by this reference. Click to view the privacy policy and the cookies policy. Your use of the site gives us your consent to the use of personal information as set out below.
We gather the following anonymous information in aggregate form: browser type, operating system, ip address, and internet domain.
If your computer allows us to, we shall use 'cookies' to store certain types of information each time you interact with us. Cookies enable our system to recognise your computer and allow us to see how you use the site. This may include tracking the areas of the site you visit to see what interests you, and which third party sites you access before and after.
We may collect name, contact information, email addresses, demographic information, other submitted information relevant to customer offers. Personal information will be stored by and may be used by us.
We require this information to enable us to develop, improve and market our products and services to you and our other customers / members for market research and statistical analysis and for general business purposes and as otherwise permitted by law or regulation.
We may analyse and assess your personal information to enable us to understand more about you; and design, select and offer products and services that we consider may be of interest to you.
You may choose to restrict the collection or use of your personal information in the following ways:
Whenever you are asked to fill in a form on the website, look for the opt out option that you can click to indicate that you do not want the information to be used by anybody for direct marketing purposes.
If you have previously agreed to us using your personal information for direct marketing purposes, you may change your mind at any time by writing to or emailing us at enquiries@gregrowe.com.
We will not sell, distribute or lease your personal information to third parties unless we have your permission or are required by law. You may request details of personal information which we hold about you under the data protection act 1998. A small fee may be payable. If you would like a copy of the information held on you please write to the address at the top of these terms and conditions or email us on enquiries@gregrowe.com. If you believe that any information we are holding on you is incorrect or incomplete, please write to or email us as soon as possible, at the above address where we will promptly rectify this.
Security
We are committed to ensuring that your information is secure. To prevent unauthorised access or disclosure we have put in place suitable physical, electronic and managerial procedures to safeguard and secure the information we collect online. We will not transfer personal data about you to any country outside of the European economic area without first ensuring that adequate protections are put in place for your benefit in accordance with best industry practice and the data protection act 1998. If you opt in using the clearly identified section of the registration form, we may invite you to take part in offers of ours that we think may benefit you. We may do this by post, by telephone, by email or via the Greg Rowe sites. Please refer to our privacy policy.
Purchase terms
You are responsible for ensuring that your instructions (including all the details we may require to carry out your instructions) and any information you give to us are accurate and complete. We shall not be liable for any loss or damage you suffer if they are in any way inaccurate or incomplete and our records will be conclusive evidence of your instructions unless we agree otherwise. We may in our absolute discretion refuse to carry out any instruction or reverse any action taken by us in response to any instruction.
Payment details
We accept payment by Visa, Visa Debit, Visa Electron, Mastercard, Mastercard Debit and Paypal.  All product prices and delivery charges are shown in UK pounds sterling.  Your payment card company will perform any currency conversion.
Availability of goods you order
If the Greg Rowe company you have ordered from has insufficient stock to deliver the goods ordered by you, we will notify you as soon as possible and any sum debited by Greg Rowe from your credit card will be re-credited to your account. Greg Rowe will notify you by email at the address given by you in your order form. The refund will be made as soon as possible and in any event within 30 days of your order. Greg Rowe will not be obliged to offer any additional compensation for disappointment suffered. We endeavour to bring our customers the best value we can by running special offers, but please remember stocks are limited at the special offer price, and subject to availability. We update our website as quickly as we can to minimise disappointment. The process of updating the website when goods have sold out at promotional price can take a few hours to update.
Complaints
If you have a complaint about the site or the terms and conditions agreement please contact us.
Information
About Us
Multipure
Shipping & Returns
Privacy Policy
Cookie Policy
Terms & Conditions
Customer Service
Contact Us
Support
Login
My Account
The Fresh Water Filter Company
Old Winery Business ParkChapel StreetCawstonNorfolk NR10 4FETel: +44 01603 871 594
'Triflow' & 'FRX02' are both registered trademarks of Triflow Concepts (IP) Limited
Powered by nopCommerce