https://www.caufields.com/privacy-policy.aspx
Cart Items: (0)
|
Cart Total: $0.00 | Login | View/Edit Cart | Checkout
Costumes
Makeup
Wigs
Shop By Occasion
Shop By Interest
AccessoriesCaufield's Novelty Merchandise CostumesHolidays & OccasionsMakeup MasksShop by InterestWigsEvent ThemesMagic Tricks & Gags BrandsClearance
Sign up for our newsletter!
Home > Privacy Policy
PRIVACY POLICY:
Your privacy is very important to us. We want to make your experience on the internet as enjoyable and rewarding as possible, and we want you to use the internet’s vast array of information, tools, and opportunities with complete confidence.
We have created this Privacy Policy to demonstrate our firm commitment to privacy and security. This Privacy Policy describes how Caufields collects information from all end users of Caufield's internet services (the "Services") — those who access some of our Services but do not make a purchase ("Visitors") as well as those who make a purchase ("Customers") — what we do with the information we collect, and the choices Visitors and Customers have concerning the collection and use of such information. Caufield's requests that you read this Privacy Policy carefully.
Introduction
Caufields may collect information in different ways from Visitors and Customers who access the various parts of our Services. We use this information primarily to provide a customized experience as you use our Services and, generally, do not share this information with third parties. However, we may disclose personal information collected if we have received your permission beforehand or in very special circumstances, such as when we believe that such disclosure is required by law or other special cases described below.
Data Security
The information you provide—including credit card information—is secured using Secure Sockets Layer (SSL) encryption technology. We use this SSL technology provided by Network Solutions to prevent such information from being intercepted and read as it is transmitted over the Internet. The encrypted data goes to a secure site where your information is stored on restricted-access computers located at restricted-access sites. While we make every effort to ensure the integrity and security of our network and systems, we cannot guarantee that our security measures will prevent third-party "hackers" from illegally obtaining this information.
Responses to Email Inquiries
When Visitors or Customers send email inquiries to Caufields, the return email address is used to answer the email inquiry we receive. Caufields does not use the return email address for any other purpose and does not share the return email address with any third party.
Address Information at Checkout
We do not give out your address information to any third party after you checkout, but will send you email or may post mail flyers that alert you to up and coming promotions and coupon discounts.
Cookies
A "cookie" is a small data file that can be placed on your hard drive when you visit certain Web sites. Caufields may use cookies to collect, store, and sometimes track information for statistical purposes to improve the products and services we provide and to manage our telecommunications networks. If you are a Customer, we may use a cookie to save your settings and to provide customizable and personalized services. These cookies do not enable third parties to access any of your customer information. Additionally, be aware that if you visit non-Caufield's web sites where you are prompted to log in or that are customizable, you may be required to accept cookies.
Special Cases
It is the policy of Caufields not to use or share the personal information about Visitors or Customers in ways unrelated to the ones described above without also providing you an opportunity to prohibit such unrelated uses. However, Caufields may disclose personal information about Visitors or Customers, if we believe that it is reasonable to do so, including: to satisfy laws, such as the Electronic Communications Privacy Act, regulations, or governmental or legal requests for such information; to disclose information that is necessary to operate the Services properly or to protect Caufields and our Members.
Voice & Written Testimonials
By providing us with a voice or written testimonial to be posted on our website you agree to the exclusive use and permission of the testimonial on our website and other promotional material to indorse our products. All personal information other than full name, city and products purchased will be edited to protect those exceptional customers leaving us a testimonial.
Public Forums
Please remember that any information you may disclose in our Discussion Forum, or other public areas of our Web sites or the internet in general, becomes public information. Please exercise caution when deciding to disclose personal information in these public areas.
Revisions to This Policy
Caufields reserves the right to revise, amend, or modify this policy and other policies and agreements at any time and in any manner. Notice of any revision, amendment, or modification will be posted here and will only apply to information collected after any such change.
If you have any questions about this Privacy Policy or the practices described herein please contact us.
Home| About Us| Login| Order Status| Contact Us | Policies | Privacy
©2020Caufields.com - Costumes, Theatrical, Party Supplies, Hats, Wigs, Makeup & more, All Rights Reserved.