http://www.dietsecrets.com/privacy-policy/
DietSecrets.com|Your Source For Weight Loss and Diet Information
Welcome to Dietsecrets.com!
At this site, I will share weight-loss, dieting, and diet supplement advice, tips and tricks that I've found to be successful in losing weight and keep it off. Hope you enjoy them!
Privacy Policy
Privacy Policy
Your privacy is very important to us. We provide this notice to protect your privacy. The following explains our online information practices, and the choices you can make about the way your information is collected and used.
The privacy practices of this statement apply to our services available under the domain and sub-domains of dietsecrets.com Please note that this Privacy Policy applies only to sites maintained by dietsecrets.com and not to websites maintained by other companies or organizations to which we link. In addition, this Policy applies only to information collected dietsecrets.com online, not offline. By visiting our websites you agree to be bound by the terms and conditions of this Privacy Policy. If you do not agree please do not use or access our services.
We have prepared a detailed policy because we believe you should know as much as possible about dietsecrets.com practices and how we treat any personal information that you may submit to us so that you can make an informed decision.
Information We Collect And How We Collect It:
There may be forms on our website where you may be asked to enter both personal and non-personal information. Generally we request personal information such as your name, address, phone number e-mail address, and other related information depending upon your expressed need (“Personal Information”). We request this information so that you may receive our free newsletters or information about certain products or services we recommend on our website.
Like other websites, we use a software technology called “cookies.” Cookies are small text files that we place in visitors’ computer browsers to store their preferences. Cookies themselves do not contain any personally identifiable information. This technology enables us to enhance your experience and present you with personalized offers. Likewise, we sometimes use third-party advertising companies to serve and track advertisements appearing on our website. These companies may employ cookies and action tags to measure advertising effectiveness. Any information that these third parties collect via cookies and action tags is completely anonymous.
How We Use Your Information:
The information we collect is used for internal marketing purposes only. dietsecrets.com does not rent, sell, exchange or release your personal information to any unauthorized third party. We do not share personal information about you with nonaffiliated companies except to provide products or services that you have explicitly requested. We use the information you provide to us in the following ways:
* To provide the services you have requested, route your inquiry or order entered on dietsecrets.com to the applicable sponsor or website, respond to your requests, customize your experience on the dietsecrets.com website and contact you regarding your inquiry.
* In the aggregate, to help us determine what is most beneficial for our users, and how we can continually create a better overall experience for you.
* To measure and improve our customer service, and to investigate potential fraud and violations of this Policy or any other agreement we have with you. We may, over time, delete correspondence records with you if permitted by law.
As Permitted by Law – Please note that we reserve the right to disclose Personal Information for legal purposes, for the protection of this website, for the protection of dietsecrets.com (or any of its partners, employees, third party vendors, independent contractors or affiliates) and/or for the protection of other users of our website. Specifically, we reserve the right to disclose Personal Information as allowed by law or share your Personal Information with third parties if required by law to do so, or if we believe such action is necessary to either: (a) conform with the requirements of law enforcement or government agencies in response to subpoenas, court orders, federal/state audits or similar circumstances, or as otherwise required by law, (b) protect or defend our legal rights or property, this website, or other users of this website, or (c) investigate, prevent or take action regarding illegal activities, suspected fraud, or situations involving potential threats to the physical safety of any person.
In the future, dietsecrets.com could be acquired by another company that may or may not operate a similar business and may or may not adhere to a similar privacy policy. In the event such an acquisition occurs, the company which acquires dietsecrets.com would have access to information maintained by Valuestream, Inc, including customer account information.
Security:
The security of your Personal Information is very important at dietsecrets.com and we take a number of steps to safeguard it and protect the loss, misuse and alteration of the information under our control. Although dietsecrets.com uses industry standard efforts to safeguard the confidentiality of your personal identifiable information, such as firewalls and Secure Socket Layers, “perfect security” does not exist on the Internet.
A special note about children’s privacy
Children are not eligible to use our services. You must be at least 18 years old to use this website and we ask that minors under the age of 18 do not submit any personal information to us. We do not knowingly collect, use or disclose personal information about visitors under 18 years of age.
Links to Other Sites:
Please note that this website contains links and banner advertising that may direct you to other websites. In addition, you may have arrived at this website via a link or banner ad on a third party website. This Privacy Policy applies to all information that you provide to dietsecrets.com only. dietsecrets.com is not responsible for the privacy practices of or the content contained in other websites. When you use a link or a banner ad to go from this site to another website or vice versa, or are otherwise directed or redirected to another website, this Privacy Policy no longer applies. Your browsing and activity on such third party websites are subject to their own respective privacy policies, if any, which may differ from that of dietsecrets.com. In addition, the third party websites that you may visit or use to gain access to the dietsecrets.com website may request that you download software to take advantage of their offers. dietsecrets.com is not responsible for any product or service that you download, purchase, or otherwise receive in any manner or form, from a third party website. We encourage you to review the privacy policies of the third party websites that you enter and of any other service provider from whom you request services.
Anti-Spam Policy:
You will not receive email communications and advertisements from dietsecrets.com or dietsecrets.com’s partners unless you submit your email address to dietsecrets.com or to a partner. In order to receive email communication from dietsecrets.com and/or a partner, you must provide your email address. Providing your email address to either dietsecrets.com and/or any of its partners represents your affirmative consent to receive such communications. If you want to stop receiving emails from Valuestream, Inc, a partner or a third party publisher, you should follow the opt-out instructions below or included in the partner or third party email so that you will not be included in any future mailings.
Opt Out:
You have the opportunity to opt out receiving further communications from us at any time by sending a request via our contact form.
To exercise your right to opt out of having your Personal Information used for any purpose other than the service that you have specifically inquired about or requested, or if you would like to direct us not to make certain disclosures, please e-mail us or write to us with a detailed description of your request at the following address:
12526 High Bluff Dr., Suite 300
San Diego, California 92130
You may continue to receive email communications from us up to ten business days from the time we receive your unsubscribe request. Please note that dietsecrets.com can only control its own mailing list and policies. Third party advertisers that maintain their own mailing lists may send communications that advertise our services, and you may need to contact these parties directly in order to stop receiving their email communications. If you do not opt out, your Personal Information may be used as described in this Privacy Policy.
Changes to this Privacy Policy:
Dietsecrets.com may update or modify this Privacy Policy from time to time. If there are changes to this Privacy Policy, we will post such changes here. You will be notified if any of the material changes that affect the use of your Personal Information and asked to opt-in to the new use of your Personal Information. If you do not agree with the changes to how your information will be used, please do not continue to use this website. By using this site, you signify your assent to the dietsecrets.com Privacy Policy. If you do not agree to this Policy, please do not use any of the dietsecrets.com site. Please check the Policy each time you use our website to ensure you are aware of any changes in our privacy practices. Our Privacy Policy will indicate the date it was last updated. Your continued use of our site will signify your acceptance of the changes to our Privacy Policy.
Dietsecrets.com reserves the right to modify, amend or otherwise alter the terms of this Privacy Policy at any time, and without notice. All users of this site will be bound by the terms of this Privacy Policy and any subsequent modifications, amendments or alterations thereto.
This Privacy Policy was last updated on 1/25/09.
Search :
Tag Cloud
Dieting
diet secrets
Goal Setting
losing weight
new years resolutions
Weight Loss
Category
Diet tips (1)
Goal Setting (1)
Blogroll
Diet Blog
Archives
January 2009
PagesAbout
Contact
Privacy Policy
Meta
Log in
Valid XHTML
XFN
WordPress
© All Rights Reserved. DietSecrets.com
Designed by AskGraphics