http://www.potseeds.co.uk/content/7-cookie-policy
Cookie Policy
£
GBP
€
EUR
£
GBP
$
USD
Home
Contact
Sitemap
OK
Cart
(empty)
0
Your cart is empty
Your account
Welcome
Log in
Home
Cookie Policy
Cookie Policy
Our website uses cookies, as almost all websites do, to help provide you with the best experience we can. Cookies are small text files that are placed on your computer or mobile phone when you browse websites
Our cookies help us:
Make our website work as you'd expect
Save you having to login every time you visit the site
Remember your settings during and between visits
Improve the speed/security of the site
Allow you to share pages with social networks like Facebook
Continuously improve our website for you
Make our marketing more efficient (ultimately helping us to offer the service we do at the price we do)
We do not use cookies to:
Collect any personally identifiable information (without your express permission)
Collect any sensitive information (without your express permission)
Pass data to advertising networks
Pass personally identifiable data to third parties
Pay sales commissions
You can learn more about all the cookies we use below
Granting us permission to use cookies
If the settings on your software that you are using to view this website (your browser) are adjusted to accept cookies we take this, and your continued use of our website, to mean that you are fine with this. Should you wish to remove or not use cookies from our site you can learn how to do this below, however doing so will likely mean that our site will not work as you would expect.
More about our Cookies Website Function Cookies Our own cookies
We use cookies to make our website work including:
Making our shopping basket and checkout work
Determining if you are logged in or not
Remembering your search settings
Remembering if you have accepted our terms and conditions
Allowing you to add comments to our site
There is no way to prevent these cookies being set other than to not use our site.
Third party functions
Our site, like most websites, includes functionality provided by third parties. A common example is an embedded YouTube video. Our site includes the following which use cookies:
Disabling these cookies will likely break the functions offered by these third parties
Social Website Cookies
So you can easily Like or share our content on the likes of Facebook and Twitter we have included sharing buttons on our site.
Cookies are set by:
Facebook - Privacy Policy
Twitter - Privacy Policy
The privacy implications on this will vary from social network to social network and will be dependent on the privacy settings you have chosen on these networks.
Visitor Statistics Cookies
We use cookies to compile visitor statistics such as how many people have visited our website, what type of technology they are using (e.g. Mac or Windows which helps to identify when our site isn't working as it should for particular technologies), how long they spend on the site, what page they look at etc. This helps us to continuously improve our website. These so called analytics programs also tell us if how people reached this site (e.g. from a search engine) and whether they have been here before helping us to put more money into developing our services for you instead of marketing spend.
Turning Cookies Off
You can usually switch cookies off by adjusting your browser settings to stop it from accepting cookies (Learn how here). Doing so however will likely limit the functionality of our's and a large proportion of the world's websites as cookies are a standard part of most modern websites
It may be that you concerns around cookies relate to so called "spyware". Rather than switching off cookies in your browser you may find that anti-spyware software achieves the same objective by automatically deleting cookies considered to be invasive. Learn more about managing cookies with antispyware software.
Get our latest news and special sales
You may unsubscribe at any moment. For that purpose, please find our contact info in the legal notice.
Pots Seeds Co. Ltd. PO Box 126 Totnes, TQ9 5GX 01803 840706 sales@potseeds.co.uk
Information
About Us
Privacy Policy
Terms & Conditions
Disclaimer
Cookie Policy
Customer Help
Contact Us
Delivery Information
Returns
Sitemap
Extras
Breeders
Affiliates
Specials
Friends of Pot Seeds
Newsletter
Subscribe to our newsletter to receive exclusive offers
Follow us
Delivery
Mainland UK orders take around 1- 3 working days. We send all of our items at least first class.
Secure Payments
All card and payment details are processed securely using the highest encryption.
Satisfaction Guaranteed
Dissatisfied with a product you ordered? we’ll exchange it, replace it or refund your money within 30 days of purchase.
Opening Times
We are open 9am till 5pm Monday to Friday for any order or product queries.
We are constantly developing our range of Cannabis Seeds, doing all the hard work so you don't have to. If you are drowning in choice when it comes to Cannabis Seeds, let us guide you to the right choice for your collection. We monitor all the forums and chatrooms, listening to what the word is about any of the products we sell. If quality drops, we drop them, even if we have stock left it gets returned to the breeder. Follow Dr Hemp on Twitter, he keeps people in the loop, left field chat & news from the world of Cannabis Seeds
Copyright © 2020 - Pot Seeds
scroll