http://www.tomsawyerwaistcoats.co.uk/store/privacy.aspx
Privacy policy
Continue Shopping
Our Privacy and 'Cookie' Policy
We respect your privacy whilst using our web site.
We do NOT collect your personal details without your knowledge whilst using
this web site.
During purchasing you will be required to enter adequate details in order to fulfill the payment process. As part of the payment process, your name, address and email will be passed to the payment processor. Other than this, your details are not passed on to third parties.
During purchasing you may be given the option of remembering your contact details for future visits. If you choose to remember details, these will be stored in a cookie on your computer.
We use cookies to assist you with navigating our site, keeping track of items in your shopping basket, and analysing site performance via google analytics.
Any analytics information about your site experience is anonymous.
We do NOT use or allow third party cookies for targeted advertising.
We do NOT store your credit card details when you make a purchase.
We entrust payments to major accredited payment providers who use the highest level
of security.
You will not receive newsletters from us unless you have chosen to do so. You can be removed from the newsletter list at any time on request.
Disabling cookies:
If you choose to disable cookies you will still be able to browse this site, but you will not be able to purchase online.
If you are not familiar with cookies, they are small files stored on your device. They are safe and used by every shopping web site on the internet. Cookies are enabled by default on all internet browsers, so unless you have disabled them you should have no problems.
There has been some controversy over the use of 'third party' cookies which
track your visits across sites. We do not use these.
If you do place an order, we will retain order details for a period of 24 months so that we may assist you with future queries. Your order will contain your name, address, telephone number and email address. Orders will be deleted after 24 months along with these details. If you would like your details removed before this period, please contact us.
Please also see our terms & conditions.
Continue Shopping
Payment pages utilise SSL secured servers technology