http://www.klasse356.com/privacy.asp
PRIVACY POLICY
By accessing this web site you agree to the Privacy Policy set forth below. We reserve the right to change this policy by posting a revision on this web site.
INFORMATION
When you place an order for a product, we need to know your name, e-mail and mailing addresses, and your billing information so that we can fill, confirm and ship your order and notify you of your order status. We may also request personal information from you if you submit comments to us through our web site. We reserve the right to disclose without notice to you any information in our possession if required to do so by law, to protect or defend our rights or property, or to respond to an emergency. This Privacy Policy does not apply to the use of disclosure of information that is collected or obtained by us through means other than this web site.
Our web site contains links to third-party web sites which are not under the control of Klasse356. We are not responsible for the privacy practices of any linked site.
PERSONAL DATA
Personal information provided by you may be used only by Klasse356. We don't rent, sell, or otherwise distribute to others any information about our customers.
We may provide your personal information to third party agents hired to deliver your order. While we use all reasonable efforts to safeguard the confidentiality of your information, Klasse356 will not be responsible for disclosure of any information due to errors in transmission or the unauthorized acts of third parties.
NON-PERSONAL DATA
This site may use cookies and/or collect your IP address or domain name for site administration purposes. No personal information is obtained through the use of these mechanisms. If for any reason you do not wish to take advantage of cookies, you may have your browser refuse to accept them.
For price, availability, help, or order questions send email to parts
@ klasse356.com.
For website problems or suggestions, send email to webmaster
@ klasse356.com.
Catalog |
Links |
Specials |
Service |
Tech Center |
Privacy Policy
Site design and content Copyright (c) 1995-2020 Klasse 356, LLC Klasse356 is not affiliated with and/or endorsed in any way by Porsche Cars North America or Dr.Ing. h.c.F. Porsche AG.