http://www.chriscohampers.ca/privacy-statement.html
Privacy Statement
Your privacy is important to us at Chrisco Canada and we are committed to protecting and safeguarding your privacy and personal information.
Our Customer Privacy Policy complies with the Personal Information Protection and Electronic Documents Act that came into effect on January 1, 2001.
We believe it is important for our customers to know about our privacy practices and policies and their rights regarding personal information that we collect, use and disclose.
Please be assured that our employees who have access to your personal information are educated and trained to handle and protect your personal information.
In addition, third parties with whom we may share your personal information are subject to the requirements of the Privacy Act as well as our own Customer Privacy Policy.
Personal Information is defined as "information about an identifiable individual" and includes information concerning matters such as race, ethnic origin, colour, age, marital status, religion, education, medical, criminal, employment or financial history, address and telephone number, numerical identifiers such as Social Insurance Number, fingerprints, blood type, tissue or biological sample, and views or personal opinions.
It also includes information about your Basket order. Publicly available information, such as public directory listings of your name, address, telephone number, is not considered personal information.
We collect and use personal information about you in order to maintain our relationship with you in connection with our products and services. This is further used to administer billing and accounting services and security measures in relation to your business with us; promote and market additional products and services offered by us, including by means of direct marketing; provide you with personalized features and services.
Our website now uses data from the Google Display Network within Google Analytics for demographic and Interest reporting. Visitors can manage what data they share with Google via their Advert settings at:
https://www.google.com/settings/ads/
or additionally manage any opt-outs from Analytics via:
https://tools.google.com/dlpage/gaoptout
The Personal Information Protection and Electronic Documents Act, incorporates the ten principles of the Canadian Standards Association (CSA) Model Code for the Protection of Personal Information. The Privacy Principles establish the minimum standards required to be followed by organizations for the protection of personal information.