http://www.integratedhealth.com/privacy-statement.html
Welcome to HPDI!
Home
/
HPDI Privacy Statement
HPDI Privacy Statement
We’ve updated our Privacy Policy, which you’ll find in detail below. Here are a few key points, but please read the entire policy if you have concerns.
We never store credit cards on our website. If our website were to be hacked, your credit card numbers would not be disclosed because we simply do not keep a record of them.
We do not sell, lease, or rent our customer lists. For the purpose of targeting advertising and delivery of our newsletter, we use our customer lists in conjunction with third party companies such as Mailchimp, Google, and Facebook.
Our website uses cookies to record your session. Cookies cannot run viruses. A cookie is a small text file used by our website for your subsequent visits.
We use SSL to protect all personal information transmission, including credit card processing, but do not use SSL on every page while you’re browsing. This is something we may implement in the future, it’s not necessary for a safe browsing experience.
Please read below for our full Privacy Policy.
Privacy Policy
General
This Statement of Privacy applies to http://www.integratedhealth.com and Health Products Distributors, Inc. (HPDI) and governs data collection and data usage. For the purposes of this Privacy Policy, unless otherwise noted, all references to Health Products Distributors, Inc. include http://www.integratedhealth.com and HPDI. www.integratedhealth.com is an ecommerce site. By using the HPDI website, you consent to the data practices described in this statement.
Collection of your Personal Information
We do not collect any personal information about you unless you voluntarily provide it to us. However, you may be required to provide certain personal information to us when you elect to use our Site. These may include: (a) registering for an account on our Site; (b) sending us an email message; (e) submitting your credit card or other payment information when ordering and purchasing products on our Site. To wit, we will use your information for, but not limited to, communicating with you in relation to services and/or products you have requested from us. We also may gather additional personal or non-personal information in the future.
Credit card numbers are never collected, saved, or stored on the Site.
Sharing Information with Third Parties
HPDI does not sell, rent or lease its customer lists to third parties.
HPDI may share data with trusted partners to help perform statistical analysis, target our advertising, send you email or postal mail, provide customer support, or arrange for deliveries. All such third parties are prohibited from using your personal information except to provide these services to HPDI, and they are required to maintain the confidentiality of your information.
HPDI may disclose your personal information, without notice, if required to do so by law or in the good faith belief that such action is necessary to: (a) conform to the edicts of the law or comply with legal process served on HPDI or the site; (b) protect and defend the rights or property of HPDI; and/or (c) act under exigent circumstances to protect the personal safety of users of HPDI, or the public.
Tracking User Behavior
HPDI may keep track of the websites and pages our users visit within HPDI, in order to determine what HPDI services are the most popular. This data is used to deliver customized content and advertising within HPDI to customers whose behavior indicates that they are interested in a particular subject area.
Automatically Collected Information
Information about your computer hardware and software may be automatically collected by HPDI. This information can include: your IP address, browser type, domain names, access times and referring website addresses. This information is used for the operation of the Site, to maintain quality of the Site, and to provide general statistics regarding use of the HPDI website.
Use of Cookies
The HPDI website uses "cookies" to help you personalize your online experience. A cookie is a text file that is placed on your hard disk by a web page server. Cookies cannot be used to run programs or deliver viruses to your computer. Cookies are uniquely assigned to you, and can only be read by a web server in the domain that issued the cookie to you.
One of the primary purposes of cookies is to provide a convenience feature to save you time. One purpose of a cookie is to tell the Web server that you have returned to a specific page.If you register with HPDI site, a cookie helps HPDI to recall your specific information on subsequent visits.
You have the ability to accept or decline cookies. Most Web browsers automatically accept cookies, but you can usually modify your browser setting to decline cookies if you prefer. If you choose to decline cookies, you may not be able to fully experience the interactive features of the HPDI services or websites you visit.
Links
This website may contain links to other sites. Please be aware that we are not responsible for the content or privacy practices of other sites. We encourage our users to be aware when they leave our site and to read the privacy statements of any other site that collects personally identifiable information.
Advertising, Analytics, Online Tracking
We may engage third parties, such as Google’s DoubleClick, Google Adwords, Facebook, and others, to serve advertisements on our behalf across the Internet, to provide us with additional data about you (including Cross-device Data and demographic information) and to provide analytics about the use of our Service. In addition, we may participate in online advertising networks and exchanges that display relevant advertisements to our Service visitors based on their interests as reflected in their browsing of the Site and certain third party sites participating in the same networks and exchanges. These entities may use cookies, web beacons, pixels, embedded scripts, and other Tracking Technologies to automatically collect information about your use of the Site, such as your IP address, web browser, pages viewed, time spent on pages, links clicked and conversion information. This information may be used by us and others to, among other things, analyze and track data, determine the popularity of certain content, deliver advertising and content targeted to your interests on the Site and other websites and better understand your online activity.
This means that some information about your browsing of the Site and certain third party locations and services may be shared with these companies for the purpose of delivering content, offers and ads to you on the Site and certain third party locations and services, and HPDI may receive from some of these companies information about third party locations and services that you have visited and other information about you, including Cross-device Data. This information may be used for marketing purposes and the practice is sometimes termed “interest-based advertising” or "retargeting" to indicate that information from one retailer is used to suggest to you relevant products offered by another retailer. We may also work with third parties to serve ads to you as part of a customized campaign on other websites or platforms. We may also use this data to provide you with more relevant content and offers on our Service and in our communications to you.
These and other third parties may also collect information about your online activities over time and across different websites when you use our Service.
The descriptions of our data practices in this Privacy Policy does not cover any third party activities or third parties’ use of information that such third parties themselves may have collected from you (e.g., type of browser, operating system, domain name, day and time of visit, page(s) visited, Cross-device Data, etc.) or the methods used by the third-parties to collect that information (e.g., cookies, web beacons and clear gifs). For specific information on some of the choice options offered by third party analytics, data and advertising providers, see the Analytics, Advertising, Online Tracking and Your Choices section below.
Note that your browser settings may allow you to automatically transmit a “Do Not Track” signal to websites and online services you visit. There is no consensus among industry participants as to what “Do Not Track” means in this context. Like many websites and online services, HPDI currently does not alter its practices when it receives a “Do Not Track” signal from a visitor’s browser. To find out more about “Do Not Track,” you may wish to visit http://www.allaboutdnt.com.
Use of Information
We may use your Personal Information/Personal Data for various purposes, including to:
• Facilitate and improve your online experience;
• Process your registration with our Site, including verifying that your email address(es) are active and valid;
• Manage your online account(s), including purchases, orders, payments, returns, exchanges, and forum and blog posts;
• Respond to your comments, questions and requests and provide customer service;
• Send you technical notices, updates, security alerts and support and administrative messages;
• Communicate with you about products, services, offers, promotions, coupons, newsletters, rewards and events and provide news and information we think will be of interest to you (for information about how to manage or opt out of these communications, please see the E-Mail Communications section below).
• Improve our Site or other HPDI websites, marketing efforts, products and services;
• Personalize your online experience and provide advertisements, content or features that match your profile and interests;
• Monitor and analyze trends, usage and activities;
• Process and track your redemption of digital coupons and associate those redemptions with your account;
• Link or combine with information we get from others to help understand your needs and provide you with better service;
• Contact you regarding your use of our Site and, in our discretion, changes to our policies;
• Provide you with notices related to our Site and other HPDI websites, products and services;
• Conduct research and analysis, including focus groups and surveys, on our Site and other HPDI websites, products and services;
• Prevent fraudulent transactions and monitor against threats;
• Carry out any other purpose to the extent not prohibited by applicable law and not inconsistent with our statements disclosed elsewhere in this Privacy Policy or at the time you provide your Personal Information/Personal Data; and
• With your consent or at your direction.
In our sole discretion, we may also use aggregated and other non-personal information as permitted by applicable laws.
Security of your Personal Information
HPDI secures your personal information from unauthorized access, use, or disclosure. HPDI uses the following methods for this purpose:
SSL Protocol
When personal information (such as a credit card number) is transmitted to other websites, it is protected through the use of encryption, such as the Secure Sockets Layer (SSL) protocol.
We take reasonable steps to have physical, electronic and procedural safeguards in place to help protect your Personal Information/Personal Data. Unfortunately, no data transmission over the Internet can be guaranteed to be 100% secure. As a result, while we strive to protect your Personal Information/Personal Data, we cannot guarantee or warrant the security of any information collected through our Site. As a result, while we strive to protect your personal information, you acknowledge that: (a) there are security and privacy limitations inherent to the Internet which are beyond our control; and (b) security, integrity, and privacy of any and all information and data exchanged between you and us through this Site cannot be guaranteed.
E-mail Communications
From time to time, HPDI may contact you via email for the purpose of providing announcements, promotional offers, alerts, confirmations, surveys, and/or other general communication. In order to improve our Services, we may receive a notification when you open an email from HPDI or click on a link therein.
HPDI delivers a newsletter via e-mail to customers who have selected the opt-in option or otherwise requested to receive our newsletter. If you would like to stop receiving marketing or promotional communications via email from HPDI, you may opt out of such communications by clicking on the UNSUBSCRIBE button.
External Data Storage Sites
We store your data on servers provided by third party hosting vendors with whom we have contracted.
Children Under Thirteen
HPDI does not knowingly collect personally identifiable information from children under the age of thirteen. If you are under the age of thirteen, you must ask your parent or guardian for permission to use this website.
Users Outside the United States
HPDI is based in the United States and the information we collect is governed by U.S. law. If you are accessing the Site from outside of the United States, please be aware that information collected through the Site will be transferred to, and processed, and used in the United States. The data protection laws in the United States may be different from those of the country in which you are located. Your use of the Site or providing us with any information therefore constitutes your consent to the transfer to, and processing, usage, sharing and storage of your information, including Personal Information/Personal Data, in the United States as set forth in this Privacy Policy. We will take reasonable care to ensure that your data is treated fairly and lawfully.
Changes to this Statement
HPDI reserves the right to change this Privacy Policy from time to time. We will notify you about significant changes in the way we treat personal information by sending a notice to the primary email address specified in your account, by placing a prominent notice on our site, and/or by updating any privacy information on this page. Your continued use of the Site after such modifications will constitute your: (a) acknowledgment of the modified Privacy Policy; and (b) agreement to abide and be bound by that Policy.
Contact Information
HPDI welcomes your questions or comments regarding this Statement of Privacy. If you believe that HPDI has not adhered to this Statement, please contact HPDI at:
Health Products Distributors, Inc.PO Box 5600Oracle, Arizona 85623
Telephone number:
520-896-9193
Effective as of November 29, 2018
Newsletter
Sign Up for Our Newsletter:
Subscribe
Health Products Distributors
Who We Are
About Our Company | Mission Statement
Product Overviews
30-Day Money Back Guarantee
Return Policy
Shipping Policies: Domestic | International
Privacy Policy
Businesses We Love!
IntegratedHealth.com in Social Media
Customer Support
Local Arizona: 520-896-9003
Our sales team is available by phone Mon-Fri, 8 am - 3:45 pm, Arizona time.
Email: support@integratedhealth.com
Contact Us
Sign-up for our Newsletter
Wholesale Support
Information | Wholesale Application
Trust & Security
© 2019 Health Products Distributors, Inc. All Rights Reserved.
Follow on Facebook
Get Linkedin with Us
Tweet with Us
Subscribe at Youtube
We Have a Blog!
Contact Us