https://www.twowayradio.com//help-center/
help desk software
Help Center
Customer Service
Shipping & Delivery
Privacy & Security
Returns & Replacements
Technical Questions
Ordering
Terms and Conditions
Privacy Policy
What we collect
What we do with information we gather
Security
How we use cookies
Links to other websites
Controlling your personal information
Orders & Returns
Shipping & Delivery:
TwoWayRadio.com ships via UPS, FEDEX and USPS.
Privacy & Security:
TwoWayRadio.com protects your personal information.  We NEVER resell any customer information.  Our customer data that we do collect is used to improve our relationship with you, not to hinder it.
Returns & Replacements:
TwoWayRadio.com has a 15 business-day return policy.
Open items are subject to a 15% restock fee and must be in "Brand New" condition will all packaging.
Unopened items can be returned with no restock fee.  After 15 business days, a 15% restock fee applies.
Defective items will be replaced with 30 days.  After 30 days, the product would be covered under the respective manufacturer warranty.
Ordering:
TwoWayRadio.com continues to improve your online experience.  If there is a feature you'd like to see, please email us sales@twowayradio.com and let us know!
Terms and Conditions:
The information contained within this online catalog and the functions offered are intended to provide information about products available for purchase from Ion, Inc. ("ION"). All reasonable efforts have been made to ensure the accuracy of the information. However, ION cannot be held responsible for any errors or unexpected un-fulfillment of shipments. ION does not warrant the accuracy and reserves the right to make changes to the catalog and its functions at any time without notice. Except where otherwise noted or superseded by process of law, ION accepts no responsibility or liability for any losses or damages of any kind arising out of the use of this online catalog or any of its related functions.
TWOWAYRADIO.COM
TwoWayRadio.com never resells or distributes your private information. This privacy policy sets out how TwoWayRadio.com uses and protects any information that you give TwoWayRadio.com when you use this website. TwoWayRadio.com is committed to ensuring that your privacy is protected. Should we ask you to provide certain information by which you can be identified when using this website, then you can be assured that it will only be used in accordance with this privacy statement. TwoWayRadio.com may change this policy from time to time by updating this page. You should check this page from time to time to ensure that you are happy with any changes.
WHAT WE COLLECT
We may collect the following information:
- name
- contact information including email address
- demographic information such as postcode, preferences and interests
- other information relevant to customer surveys and/or offers
WHAT WE DO WITH THE INFORMATION WE GATHER
We require this information to understand your needs and provide you with a better service, and in particular for the following reasons:
Internal record keeping.
We may use the information to improve our products and services.
We may periodically send promotional emails about new products, special offers or other information which we think you may find interesting using the email address which you have provided.
From time to time, we may also use your information to contact you for market research purposes. We may contact you by email, phone, fax or mail. We may use the information to customise the website according to your interests.
SECURITY
We are committed to ensuring that your information is secure. In order to prevent unauthorised access or disclosure, we have put in place suitable physical, electronic and managerial procedures to safeguard and secure the information we collect online.
HOW WE USE COOKIES
A cookie is a small file which asks permission to be placed on your computer's hard drive. Once you agree, the file is added and the cookie helps analyse web traffic or lets you know when you visit a particular site. Cookies allow web applications to respond to you as an individual. The web application can tailor its operations to your needs, likes and dislikes by gathering and remembering information about your preferences.
We use traffic log cookies to identify which pages are being used. This helps us analyse data about web page traffic and improve our website in order to tailor it to customer needs. We only use this information for statistical analysis purposes and then the data is removed from the system.
Overall, cookies help us provide you with a better website, by enabling us to monitor which pages you find useful and which you do not. A cookie in no way gives us access to your computer or any information about you, other than the data you choose to share with us. You can choose to accept or decline cookies. Most web browsers automatically accept cookies, but you can usually modify your browser setting to decline cookies if you prefer. This may prevent you from taking full advantage of the website.
CONTROLLING YOUR PERSONAL INFORMATION
You may choose to restrict the collection or use of your personal information in the following ways:
whenever you are asked to fill in a form on the website, look for the box that you can click to indicate that you do not want the information to be used by anybody for direct marketing purposes.
If you have previously agreed to us using your personal information for direct marketing purposes, you may change your mind at any time by writing to or emailing us at sales@twowayradio.com.
We will not sell, distribute or lease your personal information to third parties unless we have your permission or are required by law to do so. We may use your personal information to send you promotional information about third parties which we think you may find interesting if you tell us that you wish this to happen.
You may request details of personal information which we hold about you under the Data Protection Act 1998. A small fee will be payable. If you would like a copy of the information held on you please write to TwoWayRadio.com 11550 Stillwater Blvd N, Ste # 123 Lake Elmo, MN 55042.
If you believe that any information we are holding on you is incorrect or incomplete, please write to or email us as soon as possible, at the above address. We will promptly correct any information found to be incorrect.
Order ID *
Enter the billing last name and email/ZIP as in the order billing address.
Billing Last Name *
Find Order By *
Email Address
ZIP Code
Email Address *
Submit
Quick Cart View
You have no items in your shopping cart.
My Comparison List
Patent Pending
Return Policy
TwoWayRadio.com has a 15 business-day return policy.
Open items are subject to a 15% restock fee and must be in "Brand New" condition will all packaging.
Unopened items can be returned with no restock fee. After 15 business days, a 15% restock fee applies.
Defective items will be replaced with 30 days. After 30 days, the product would be covered under the respective manufacturer warranty.
Privacy Policy
Twowayradio.com never resells or distributes your private information.  This privacy policy sets out how Twowayradio.com uses and protects any information that you give Twowayradio.com when you use this website. Twowayradio.com is committed to ensuring that your privacy is protected. Should we ask you to provide certain information by which you can be identified when using this website, then you can be assured that it will only be used in accordance with this privacy statement. Twowayradio.com may change this policy from time to time by updating this page. You should check this page from time to time to ensure that you are happy with any changes.
What we collect
We may collect the following information:
name
contact information including email address
demographic information such as postcode, preferences and interests
other information relevant to customer surveys and/or offers
What we do with the information we gather
We require this information to understand your needs and provide you with a better service, and in particular for the following reasons:
Internal record keeping.
We may use the information to improve our products and services.
We may periodically send promotional emails about new products, special offers or other information which we think you may find interesting using the email address which you have provided.
From time to time, we may also use your information to contact you for market research purposes. We may contact you by email, phone, fax or mail. We may use the information to customise the website according to your interests.
Security
We are committed to ensuring that your information is secure. In order to prevent unauthorised access or disclosure, we have put in place suitable physical, electronic and managerial procedures to safeguard and secure the information we collect online.
How we use cookies
A cookie is a small file which asks permission to be placed on your computer's hard drive. Once you agree, the file is added and the cookie helps analyse web traffic or lets you know when you visit a particular site. Cookies allow web applications to respond to you as an individual. The web application can tailor its operations to your needs, likes and dislikes by gathering and remembering information about your preferences.
We use traffic log cookies to identify which pages are being used. This helps us analyse data about web page traffic and improve our website in order to tailor it to customer needs. We only use this information for statistical analysis purposes and then the data is removed from the system.
Overall, cookies help us provide you with a better website, by enabling us to monitor which pages you find useful and which you do not. A cookie in no way gives us access to your computer or any information about you, other than the data you choose to share with us. You can choose to accept or decline cookies. Most web browsers automatically accept cookies, but you can usually modify your browser setting to decline cookies if you prefer. This may prevent you from taking full advantage of the website.
Links to other websites
Our website may contain links to other websites of interest. However, once you have used these links to leave our site, you should note that we do not have any control over that other website. Therefore, we cannot be responsible for the protection and privacy of any information which you provide whilst visiting such sites and such sites are not governed by this privacy statement. You should exercise caution and look at the privacy statement applicable to the website in question.
Controlling your personal information
You may choose to restrict the collection or use of your personal information in the following ways:
whenever you are asked to fill in a form on the website, look for the box that you can click to indicate that you do not want the information to be used by anybody for direct marketing purposes
if you have previously agreed to us using your personal information for direct marketing purposes, you may change your mind at any time by writing to or emailing us at sales@unidenparts.com
We will not sell, distribute or lease your personal information to third parties unless we have your permission or are required by law to do so. We may use your personal information to send you promotional information about third parties which we think you may find interesting if you tell us that you wish this to happen.
You may request details of personal information which we hold about you under the Data Protection Act 1998. A small fee will be payable. If you would like a copy of the information held on you please write to Twowayradio.com
11550 Stillwater Blvd N, Ste # 123
Lake Elmo, MN
55042.
If you believe that any information we are holding on you is incorrect or incomplete, please write to or email us as soon as possible, at the above address. We will promptly correct any information found to be incorrect.
New item in the cart
Continue shopping
View cart & checkout
Continue shopping