https://www.rockscissorpaper.com/privacy-policy-and-terms/
icon-star
icon-bag
icon-search
icon-close
icon-list
icon-plus
minus
icon-loading
arrow-left
arrow-right
chevron-left
chevron-right
mail
linkedin
facebook
instagram
pinterest
tumblr
youtube
twitter
stumbleupon
google
print
rss
heart
share
icon-visa
icon-mastercard
icon-american-express
icon-discover
icon-paypal
icon-apple-pay
icon-stripe
Rock Scissor Paper's Commitment To Your Privacy:
Your privacy is important to Rock Scissor Paper. To better protect your privacy we provide this Privacy Notice explaining how we handle the personal information provided to us or collected on or through rockscissorpaper.com (the “Site”). Please be sure to read this Privacy Notice before submitting information to us. Our Privacy Notice may change from time to time and your continued use of the Site constitutes acceptance of such changes, so please check this area periodically for updates.
The information we collect:
This notice applies to all information collected or submitted on the Site. Rock Scissor Paper may collect information through your active submission of information or passively through use of automated technologies.
Active Information Collection
Name
Address (including City, State, Country and/or Zip Code)
E-Mail address
Phone number
Credit/Debit card Information
Passive Information Collection
As you use the Site, other information may be collected through use of technologies which are common among websites and online environments. For example, we currently track IP addresses, use session cookies, and evaluate access time and navigational data in connection with the Site. “Cookies” are small pieces of information or files that a website puts on your computer which allow Rock Scissor Paper to accumulate data on your navigation of the website and ease such navigation.  We may also keep track of how you interact with links through our Site.
In addition to our active information collection efforts, we may also use technology to passively gather operational information about the technology you use, such as your browser, type of computer, operating systems and Internet service providers.
How We Use Information
Rock Scissor Paper uses the personal information we collect when you submit an order only to complete that order. We do not share this information with outside parties except to the extent necessary to complete that order. We use the information you provide about someone else when placing an order only to ship the product and to confirm delivery. We do not share this information with outside parties except to the extent necessary to complete that order. We use return email addresses to answer the email we receive. Such addresses are not used for any other purpose and are not shared with outside parties. You can register with our Site if you would like to receive newsletters or updates on our new products and services. Information you submit on our Site will not be used for this purpose unless you fill out the registration form.Our Commitment To The Security of Your Data:To prevent unauthorized access, maintain data accuracy, and ensure the correct use of information, we have put in place appropriate physical, electronic, and managerial procedures designed to safeguard and secure the information we collect online.We respond to subpoenas, court orders, or legal process, or to establish or exercise our legal rights or defend against legal claims.We believe it is necessary to share information in order to investigate, prevent, or take action regarding illegal activities, suspected fraud, situations involving potential threats to the physical safety of any person, violations of Rock Scissor Paper's terms of use, or as otherwise required by law.We limit access to personal information about you to employees who we believe reasonably need to come into contact with that information to provide products or services to you or in order to do their jobs.How to Access or Correct Your Information:
You have the following choices regarding the personally identifiable information you provide for Rock Scissor Paper to use:
You may send us an e-mail message at info@rockscissorpaper.com to request access to review, correct or delete any personally identifiable information maintained on our systems that you have provided to us through the registration process or other request. To protect your privacy, we will respond only to e-mail messages sent from the e-mail account that you specified during the account registration process.
You may also opt out of receiving newsletters and other promotional materials from Rock Scissor Paper by notifying us at info@rockscissorpaper.com
If you do not wish us to collect cookies, you may set your browser to refuse cookies, or to alert you when cookies are being sent. If you do so, please note that some parts of the Service may then be inaccessible or not function properly.
Updating Privacy Policy Notices:
Rock Scissor Paper reserves the right to change its Privacy Notice in its sole discretion. In such case, Rock Scissor Paper will post the new Privacy Notice on the Site and the effective date of the new Privacy Notice will be clearly marked.
How to contact us:
Should you have other questions or concerns about these privacy policies or terms of use, please call us at toll free at 1 (844) 361-0717 or email us at info@rockscissorpaper.com
PRIVACY POLICY UPDATED 5/24/18
Web Site Terms and Conditions of Use
1. Terms
By accessing this web site, you are agreeing to be bound by these web site Terms and Conditions of Use, all applicable laws and regulations, and agree that you are responsible for compliance with any applicable local laws. If you do not agree with any of these terms, you are prohibited from using or accessing this site. The materials contained in this web site are protected by applicable copyright and trade mark law.
2. Use License
Permission is granted to temporarily download one copy of the materials (information or software) on Rock Scissor Paper's web site for personal, non-commercial transitory viewing only. This is the grant of a license, not a transfer of title, and under this license you may not:
modify or copy the materials;
use the materials for any commercial purpose, or for any public display (commercial or non-commercial);
attempt to decompile or reverse engineer any software contained on Rock Scissor Paper's web site;
remove any copyright or other proprietary notations from the materials; or
transfer the materials to another person or "mirror" the materials on any other server.
This license shall automatically terminate if you violate any of these restrictions and may be terminated by Rock Scissor Paper at any time. Upon terminating your viewing of these materials or upon the termination of this license, you must destroy any downloaded materials in your possession whether in electronic or printed format.
3. Disclaimer
The materials on Rock Scissor Paper's web site are provided "as is". Rock Scissor Paper makes no warranties, expressed or implied, and hereby disclaims and negates all other warranties, including without limitation, implied warranties or conditions of merchantability, fitness for a particular purpose, or non-infringement of intellectual property or other violation of rights. Further, Rock Scissor Paper does not warrant or make any representations concerning the accuracy, likely results, or reliability of the use of the materials on its Internet web site or otherwise relating to such materials or on any sites linked to this site.
4. Limitations
In no event shall Rock Scissor Paper or its suppliers be liable for any damages (including, without limitation, damages for loss of data or profit, or due to business interruption,) arising out of the use or inability to use the materials on Rock Scissor Paper's Internet site, even if Rock Scissor Paper or a Rock Scissor Paper authorized representative has been notified orally or in writing of the possibility of such damage. Because some jurisdictions do not allow limitations on implied warranties, or limitations of liability for consequential or incidental damages, these limitations may not apply to you.
5. Revisions and Errata
The materials appearing on Rock Scissor Paper's web site could include technical, typographical, or photographic errors. Rock Scissor Paper does not warrant that any of the materials on its web site are accurate, complete, or current. Rock Scissor Paper may make changes to the materials contained on its web site at any time without notice. Rock Scissor Paper does not, however, make any commitment to update the materials.
6. Links
Rock Scissor Paper has not reviewed all of the sites linked to its Internet web site and is not responsible for the contents of any such linked site. The inclusion of any link does not imply endorsement by Rock Scissor Paper of the site. Use of any such linked web site is at the user's own risk.
7. Site Terms of Use Modifications
Rock Scissor Paper may revise these terms of use for its web site at any time without notice. By using this web site you are agreeing to be bound by the then current version of these Terms and Conditions of Use.
8. Governing Law
Any claim relating to Rock Scissor Paper's web site shall be governed by the laws of the State of California without regard to its conflict of law provisions.
General Terms and Conditions applicable to Use of a Web Site.