http://www.sandersofoxford.com/privacy-policy/
HomePrivacy Policy
Privacy Policy
Sanders of Oxford Limited (registered number 06811809), whose registered office is at Sanders of Oxford Ltd, 104 High Street, Oxford, OX1 4BW  considers the privacy of our clients’ data both personal and corporate to be of the utmost importance and we take measures across our business to protect the security of all data we hold.
The law requires us to take steps in regards to the collection and protection of personal information.  This policy along with our Terms and Conditions set out how we collect, use, and process personal data.
By accepting our Website Terms or by visiting www.sandersofoxford.com (‘the Website’) you are accepting and consenting to the practices described in this Privacy Policy.
The Website is brought to you by Sanders of Oxford. Sanders of Oxford takes the protection of your Personal Data (as defined in the General Data Protection Regulation 2018) very seriously and we are committed to giving you a personalised service that meets you needs and protects your privacy.  This policy explains how we collect personal data from you.  It also explains some of the security measures we take to protect your personal data, and tells you certain things we will do and not do.  You should read this document in conjunction with the Website Terms and Conditions.
The Information We May Collect from You
Sanders of Oxford Limited may collect to following information from you:
Name, address(es), telephone number, email address, phone numbers, when appropriate your credit information, and any other personal information relevant to the services we provide you when filling in online forms on our website, give information in hard copy, or in person in our shop, at fairs and markets we exhibit at, by telephone, or by email. This information may be provided when you are registering an interest, transacting with us, subscribing to our mail outs, or requesting information.
Correspondence in email and hard copy.
Details of transactions you carry out through our website, communications by telephone, in person, and any other means relating to those transaction.
How This Information is Used
Sanders of Oxford Limited collects, stores, and uses your personal data to:
Provide you with any information, products, and services you request from us.
Carry out obligations arising from any contracts between you and us
Notify you of changes to our products and policies
Transact any sales or purchases
Detect fraud or loss
We may contact you for the above services by phone, email, or other means.
Sharing Information
Sanders of Oxford Limited may have to share your data with any third parties required to provide you with our service including processing transactions, fulfilling orders, shipping, and communicating with you or where we have been legitimately asked to provide information for legal or regulatory purposes or as part of legal proceeding or prospective legal proceedings. Where we do so it will be on the basis that these agents/contractors are bound by strict contractual provisions with us and are required to keep the information confidential and secure and will not use the information for any other purpose than to carry out the services they are performing for Sanders of Oxford Limited.
Sanders of Oxford Limited’s Responsibility for this website
Sanders of Oxford Ltd is responsible for the content of this website.  We may, however, link to other websites for which we are not responsible. We are not responsible for their data policies, procedures, or content. We do not provide any personally identifiable customer Personal Data to these third-party websites.
Cookies
We use cookies on our website to enable some site functionality. Cookies are text files that are stored within your browser on your computer or mobile device. Cookies are sent to your browser by our website in response to requests made to our website by your browser. Cookies that have been received from our website are only sent by your browser to our website, and only when requests are made.
We use cookies to enable the wish list, the shopping basket, and to protect forms, such as our contact form, from cross site request forgery (CSRF). A wish list cookie is used to store the IDs of the items in your wish list. A secure session cookie is used to identify your shopping basket. The checkout and order process also depends on the session cookie. Forms are protected against cross site request forgery with a CSRF token that is stored in a cookie. This is a common security measure. The cookie for CSRF protection is set in response to the first request for a page which has a form protected in this way.The cookies we use are strictly necessary to provide services explicitly requested by users, and fall within the exemption of revised Article 5(3) of the the EU ePrivacy directive, according to Opinion 04/2012 on Cookie Consent Exemption adopted on 7 June 2012. Hence we are not required to obtain specific consent to use these cookies. We do not use cookies for tracking site usage or performance. However we do use Google's reCaptcha service on some of our forms. Google does attempt to set cookies, but you can block all cookies from Google and still use all the forms on our website.
Users typically have the opportunity to configure their browser to accept all or some cookies, to ask before accepting cookies, or not to receive cookies at all. The last of these options, of course, means that personalised services, such as the wish list and the shopping basket, cannot function and the user may not be able to take full advantage of all of a website’s features. Refer to your browser’s Help section for specific guidance on how it allows you to manage cookies and how you may delete cookies you wish to remove from your computer.
For more information about cookies and cookie control: www.aboutcookies.org
Sanders of Oxford Limited on Social Media
We operate a presence on several social media platforms: Instagram, Facebook, and Twitter.  If you interact with us on those platforms the agreement regarding the use of your data is with the platform and not with Sanders of Oxford Limited. If you choose to contact us via any of these platforms we will assume you are giving us permission to contact you in the same manner as you would as if you had contacted us via our website, but will not contact you for marketing purposes unless you opt in to our mailing list or otherwise request for us to contact you.
Protecting your Data
We will take all reasonable and appropriate steps to protect the security and integrity of all personal information provided to our website, by any other means electronic or otherwise.
We will ensure your personal data with Sanders of Oxford Limited is protected against unauthorised physical and electronic access.  These measures include: virus scanning, installation of security patches and updates, testing, backup and recovery, employee training, security audits, and others steps designed to ensure the protection of data. We cannot guarantee that information during the transmission through the internet or any computer network is entirely safe from unauthorised intrusion, access, or manipulation.
We will have no liability for disclosure of information due to errors or unauthorised acts by third parties.  In any event where we believe your personal data has been compromised we will notify you of this.
How Long Sanders of Oxford Holds your data
We will hold your information for as long as necessary for the relevant activity, or as long as specified in any agreement, or as long as necessary to comply with any existing legislation that is relevant to our business.
Further Information
If you would like any more information or have any comments about or Privacy Policy please contact us using the details below.
We may amend this Privacy Policy from time to time without notice to you, in which case, we will publish the amended version on the Website.  You confirm that we shall not be liable to you or any third party for any change to this Privacy Policy from time to time.  It is your responsibility to regularly check whether this Privacy Policy has changed.
You can ask for a copy of this Privacy Policy or any amended Privacy Policy by writing to the address below or emailing us at info@sandersofoxford.com.
You have the right to a copy of the information we hold about you, including how this information will be used, and to ensure this information is accurate. You also have to right to ask us not to process your data for marketing purposes and to opt out at any point from any of our marketing. You can exercise this right through the remove me from your mailing list page, the unsubscribe link on any of our marketing emails, or at any time by contacting us at info@sandersofoxford.com.
How to Contact Us
Sanders of Oxford Ltd104 High StreetOxfordOX1 4BW
+44 1865242590
info@sandersofoxford.com
Company number 0611809