http://www.macphersoncrafts.com/en/information/terms-of-service
All Prices are in USD
My Account
Order HistoryAccount MaintenanceCheckoutMy MacBucksMy Shipping Fees, Lay Aways & Pre-Order PaymentsMy Wishlist
Login
Login
Sign Up
Login
Username
Password
Remember Me
Log in
Forgot your password?
Forgot your username?
Create an account
Home
Store
News
Kit News
HelpDesk
TUTORIALS
Sculptors
Menu
0
Your Cart is currently empty!
There are 0 Item in your cart
update
Total : $0.00
Go To Cart
COVID-19 STORE HOURS
PLEASE note our web-site is always open 24/7
Hours of service:   11 AM to 3 PM Monday to Friday
CLOSED on Saturdays & Sunday
CLOSED on Public & Bank Holidays
MASKS ARE MANDATORY AS PER GOVERNMENT REGULATIONS
You may also place an order online and do a Curbside Pickup - Just mention this in the Notes Section of your order.
You can also leave a message on our HelpDesk HERE
Thank you for your understanding.
Store PoliciesHome /Information
Store Policies
Terms of Service
GENERAL TERMS & CONDITIONS FOR ALL SHOPPERS
100% Satisfaction Guarantee
MacPherson Arts & Crafts guarantees our products 100%.  All products that leaves our warehouse, are inspected and well packed, but human errors can sometimes occur.  Should any of the following apply to your order, we will gladly exchange it, replace it, refund it or apply a store credit for it:
Product differs significantly with what was advertised on our website.
Are faulty or defective  - factory faults and defects that were not noticed during inspection.
PLEASE NOTE:  Our Guarantee does NOT include any defects, bubbles or melting of vinyl kits that have been heated.  ALL HEATED vinyl kits are excluded due to the fact that the kits are not manufactured to be baked..  Air Dry Paints is your safest ways of reborning.  Please see our section on THE HEATING OF VINYL DOLL KITS AND DOLL PARTS.
You must contact us within 7 days so that we can arrange the necessary replacement or credit with you.
Returns:
We hope you are satisfied with the products you purchase from MacPherson Arts & Crafts.  Should you need to return any products due to it not meeting our 100% Satisfaction Guarantee:
Please do not return goods without authorization.  Contact our HELP DESK  to request an authorization to return a product.  We will then supply you with instructions.
Authorized returns must be received within 14-21 days of notifying us, in a clean, unused condition.  Once we inspect the product and we confirm the defect or significant difference, we will make the necessary arrangement with you with regards to your credit.
Should you have buyer's remorse, items can be returned at a restocking fee of $15.00 per doll kit and 25% for any other products.  Shipping fees will NOT be refundable and return shipping will be for your account and not covered by us.  Any import fees and taxes back to us, will also be for your account.  Follow Step 1. and 2. above with regards to a return.
The Heating of Vinyl Doll Kits and Doll Parts
PLEASE NOTE that there are NO vinyl doll kits that are specifically made for heating in an oven.  This was a method tried by reborn artists and therefore MacPherson Arts & Crafts will not accept any responsibility for any deformed, melted, bubbles or burnt doll parts.  By agreeing to our terms and conditions, you hereby agree that you will be baking all vinyl doll kits and parts at your own discretion and at your own risk.  We will not be responsible for any refunds - partial or in full - for any damaged kits.  We would also like to note that the fumes from heating any vinyl doll kits and parts could be dangerous, toxic and may have potential health risks.  Using Air Dry Paints that are non-toxic is your safest method of reborning.
Privacy:
The privacy practices set forth in this privacy policy are for this web-site only. If you link to other web sites, please review the privacy policies posted at those sites.
We collect personally identifiable information, like names, postal addresses, email addresses, etc., when voluntarily submitted by our customers. The information you provide is used to fulfill your specific request. This information is ONLY used to fulfill these requests, unless you give us permission to use it in another manner, for example to add you to one of our mailing lists
Your personally identifiable information is kept secure. Only authorized employees, agents and contractors (who have agreed to keep information secure and confidential) have access to this information.
We take the privacy of our clients seriously and will:
NEVER freely supply our customers confidential and contact details to any third party
NEVER sell our customers confidential and contact details to other company or person
NEVER publicly display our customers confidential details in any form, whether in print or virtually.
Your information will be used for:
Contacting you via email or phone with regards to any order you have placed with us, any question or specific information you requested from us.
Creating your shipping label upon which we will supply your information to the shipping companies that we are working with, nl. UPS and Canada Post.
The Payment Gateway you choose, will access your personal information to process your payment, nl. Authorize.net (Chase Paymentech) and PayPal.
Cookie/Tracking Technology
The Site may use cookie and tracking technology depending on the features offered. Cookie and tracking technology are useful for gathering information such as browser type and operating system, tracking the number of visitors to the Site, and understanding how visitors use the Site. Cookies can also help customize the Site for visitors. Personal information cannot be collected via cookies and other tracking technology; however, if you previously provided personally identifiable information, cookies may be tied to such information. Aggregate cookie and tracking information may be shared with third parties.
Mailing List
Our mailing list subscription are managed by AWeber Communications and conforms to the CAN-SPAM Act of 2004.  All persons who want to subscribe to our mailing list, will have to complete the online form and then have to complete our double OPT-IN procedure in order to be added to our mailing list.  All emails and newsletters from this site allow you to manage your current subcription or opt out of any further mailings whenever you want to.
Security:
The security of our clients are very important to use and therefore all sensitive financial information are securely handled by our payment processors, Authorize.net and Paypal.  You can read more about these payment gateways in the following section.
Pre-Orders:
Please note that the Pre-Order Deposit of $10 on Pre-Order Kits are NON-REFUNDABLE. We accept your deposit in good faith that you will honor your agreement to pay the balance when the kit becomes available and in return we pay the manufacturer or sculptor in full upfront. By not honoring your commitment to pay for your kit you ordered. we incur the expense of paying for the kit IN FULL upfront, as well as the Non-Refundable PayPal Fees, and then also having to restock it and put it back up for sale, with the hopes that another customer will buy it.
All unpaid Pre-Order Products will be offered to customers on our waiting list, if not paid in full within 2 weeks of receiving our invoice for the balance due, except if PRIOR arrangements were made with us to keep it for you until a certain date.
The final payment will be expected to be paid off by the due date that we specify on the final invoice that we send to you. Failure to pay this balance off by the due date or lack of communication to extend the payment date will result in your product being unpacked and will be offered to a customer on our waiting list.
Please only put the pre-order item on your order as we will ship all items on the pre-order invoice at the same time.
Lay Aways:
Layaway invoices are sent within 24 (business) hours of purchase. The first payment is due no later than 48 hours of you receiving the invoice. Failure to pay within the 48 hours will result in the cancellation of your order. Your products are not set aside for you until after the first payment has been received.
Layaways are subject to a NON-REFUNDABLE $15 restocking fee. Mandatory payments are due every 30 days. Total number of payments, including your deposit, is 3 installments.
Layaways which are delinquent in payments by more than 7-days may be cancelled and merchandise will be added back to our stock. Should you experience problems in making your payment within the given period, please contact our Lay Away Department by contacting us via our HELPDESK .
All layaways must be paid in full by the due date on the third/last invoice. Once your Lay Away is paid in full, you will be contacted to arrange for the payment of your shipping fees, if applicable.
By providing customer information and telephone number or e-mail address to MacPherson Arts & Crafts and their employees, you expressly agree that we may use those methods to contact you concerning your layaway purchase.
You hereby agree that our collection department may contact you at any time via email, phone or by mail to follow up on any unpaid installments and arrears.
Unless full payment is made according to this agreement, merchandise remains the property of MacPherson Arts & Crafts.
By electronically accepting these terms, you are hereby bound by our terms of Lay Away.
Gift Card Winners & Gift Card Give-Aways:
Gift Cards given by us cannot be used for any special offer.
Only 1 Gift Card or Coupon can be use per order.
International Orders:
We pack your order and it is measured and weighed at that point a shipping estimate is created for your order.
It is then invoiced with both the product and shipping fees at once.
Both payments are due within 48 hours of receiving the invoice.
Failure to pay the balance in a timely manner will void your order and the order will be cancelled and unpacked and put back into our stock count.
Once the balance is paid in full we will ship your order right off to you.
Waiting List:
All the doll kits that have sold out and we will not be getting anymore in stock of will now have the option of adding yourself to the "Wait List".  If a doll kit you are interested in does not yet have the Wait List available please bear with us while we are cleaning up paperwork and getting a better idea of our remaining doll kits. Once we have a better idea of which kits can be added to the Waiting List, we will add them. To add yourself to the Wait List for a specific kit, you need to do the following:
Search the doll kit your are looking for and go to their page.  I they are available for the Waiting List, you will see this on their page
With the new store policies with regards to paying off for Pre-Orders and Lay-Aways, some sold out kits may become available again to purchase
All delinquent Pre-Orders and Lay-Aways, will be placed back in Stock and we will at this stage, reach out to you if your name is on our waiting list.  You will then have the option to buy one of these kits.
You will be required to make a full payment within 48 hours of the kit invoice being sent to you. Failure to do so will void that offer and it will then be offered to the next customer in line for the kit on the wait list.
Shipping:
**IMPORTANT NOTE...PLEASE READ**
CHECK YOUR ORDER and make sure items in your cart are correct.
Be sure that your "SHIP TO" Address is correct. We ship ONLY to the shipping address supplied to us on our website and NOT to your PayPal shipping address. We will not be held accountable for incorrect shipping information.
All shipments sent to the wrong address supplied to us, will incur the redirect fee Fedex charges or reshipping fees if it is returned.
Once you confirm your order NO CHANGES CAN BE MADE.
If you forgot any items that you wanted, you may place a new order and request in the notes that we combine your orders by supplying us with the order number you would like to combine it with. We will do our utmost to make sure they are combined, but we cannot guarantee it since we have no control over how fast a parcel leaves our warehouse and whether it will still be here.
Pre-Orders Doll Kits should be ordered separately from any other items you need sooner as all items on the same invoice will be sent together.
Pre-Order's can take months to arrive so if you need anything sooner make sure its on a SEPARATE invoice.
By Confirming your order, you hereby accept the these terms.
All IN STOCK items will ship within 72 hours of your confirmed order received.  Same Day Shipping if your order has no extra paperwork to deal with is more common these days. There are times we are shipping out multiple orders in bulk which can slow us down.  Please refer to our Calendar if you are expecting a particular doll kit to see if we are shipping this sculpt.  We use FedEx, DHL & UPS as our courier carriers.   Canada Post is only used as a back up if it is an area our courier does not deliver to or if it is a small packet or envelope. We will choose the best shipping method as we deem fit for your area.
We offer FREE SHIPPING on:
Canadian Orders over $100.00
Continental USA Orders over $100.00
UK & European Orders over $400.00 (Please read below for exceptions)
All International shipping will be charged at a discounted rate on orders over $250.00 USD of 10% off "up to" a maximum of Free Shipping.
NOTE......NEW REDUCED RATES!!! ~ WORLDWIDE SHIPPING FEES:
Shipping to UK & Europe will be FREE on orders over $400.00 USD as long as our Courier Service delivers to your address....if not we will send via postal service and charge you the difference  (countries such as Russia will be discounted as we only ship via post~not courier)
WORLD-WIDE ~ We will deduct a discount towards your shipping off of all orders over $250.00 USD at 10% of your order OR the total cost of the shipping (if it ends up being free).  All discounts are subject to our courier of choice servicing your area
We will send you an invoice for shipping if there is a balance remaining & payments are due within 48 hours of receiving the invoice.
International Orders:
We pack your order and it is measured and weighed at that point a shipping estimate is created for your order.
It is then invoiced with both the product and shipping fees at once.
Both payments are due within 48 hours of receiving the invoice.
Failure to pay the balance in a timely manner will void your order and the order will be cancelled and unpacked and put back into our stock count.
Once the balance is paid in full we will ship your order right off to you.
Payment Methods
Please note that our shopping cart operates in US Dollars and all prices have been adjusted according to market value of our products.  Any amount drawn from your Credit Card or Paypal, will be in your own currency and will be equal to the US Dollar amount when converted.  Conversion fees are not taken against your payment method, but against our account.
We accept the following SECURE Payment Methods:
Authorize.net
You can shop at MacPhersons Craft Supplies Ltd. with confidence.
We have partnered with Authorize.Net, a leading payment gateway since 1996, to accept credit cards and electronic check payments safely and securely for our customers.The Authorize.Net Payment Gateway manages the complex routing of sensitive customer information through the electronic check and credit card processing networks. See an online payments diagram to see how it works.
The company adheres to strict industry standards for payment processing, including:
128-bit Secure Sockets Layer (SSL) technology for secure Internet Protocol (IP) transactions.
Industry leading encryption hardware and software methods and security protocols to protect customer information.
Compliance with the Payment Card Industry Data Security Standard (PCI DSS).
For additional information regarding the privacy of your sensitive cardholder data, please read the Authorize.Net Privacy Policy.
www.MacPhersonCrafts.com is registered with the Authorize.Net Verified Merchant Seal program.
PayPal
If there's a problem with your order, your eligible purchases are protected when you pay with PayPal.
We offer our buyers:
$0 Liability for Eligible Unauthorized Purchases when you meet our requirements
Refunds for incorrect orders or items that never arrive
A convenient process for resolving problems
Check out the PayPal Purchase Protection Overview for more details.
You're safer when you know who's on the other end of a transaction. That's why PayPal provides a seller verification system.
When you use PayPal for online purchases, we never share your financial information with merchants. All you give the seller is your email address-because your payment details are already safely stored on our secure servers.
Disclaimer
We recommend that you test products prior to using them on a project. The product information provided in the MacPherson Arts & Crafts web site is providing a basis for understanding the potential uses of the products. We cannot be sure the products will be right for you due to the numerous variables in methods, materials and conditions of producing art. We provide no warranty, and we will not be liable for any damages (indirect, consequential, or otherwise) that may occur as a result of a product application.Please make sure that you read all labels carefully as some products may pose a potential risk.
Notice to Our Canadian Customers
While MacPherson Arts & Crafts is a Canadian based company the majority of our business is international.That plus the fact that our e-commerce gateway requires the use of a single currency, the US dollar is the logical choice.The present high exchange rates creates a disadvantage to our Canadian customers.  We are therefor offering free shipping on all orders OVER $100USD and are also paying all Federal and Provincial sales taxes.
PLEASE NOTE:  Orders UNDER the $100USD threshold, will be charged shipping fees on your selected payment method e.g. Credit Card or Paypal Invoice.This policy is subject to change in line with adjustments to exchange rates.I hope this helps to explain our decision to sell in US dollars and if you have any more questions or concerns please do not hesitate to contact us via our Help Desk HEREThank you very much for your understanding and please know that your business does mean the world to us!! We truly value each and every one of you!
MacPherson Craft Supplies Ltd91 Queen Street EastPO Box 1810 St MarysOntario CANADA N4X 1C2Toll Free: 1-800-2386663 FREECanada: 1-519-284-1741Fax: 1-519-284-4060
/information/terms-of-service
Home
Store
News
Kit News
HelpDesk
TUTORIALS
Sculptors
Top
CA