http://www.everlifememorials.com/v/company/privacy-policy.htm
Home
About Us
Contact Us
Customer Service
My Account
View Cart
Shop by Category
For People
Headstones
Urns
Cremation Jewelry
Flag CasesCeramic Pictures
Cemetery Statues
Memorial Lights & Candles
Misc. Products
Special Offers
New Products
For Pets
Pet Urns
Pet Grave Markers
Pet Cremation Jewelry
Pet Cremation Memorials
Pet Caskets
Laser Engraved Plaques
Pet Ceramic Pictures
Pet Accessories
Articles & Guides
Categories
Purchasing a Headstone
Selecting a Headstone
Purchasing Cremation Urns
Types of Urns
Cremation Articles
Pet Loss Articles & Guides
All Articles & Guides...
Home > About Us > Privacy Policy
Privacy Policy
Effective
January 13, 2018
Our
Commitment To Privacy
Your
privacy is a priority at Everlife Memorials, and we go to great
lengths to protect it. To better protect your privacy, we provide
this notice explaining our online information practices and the
choices you can make about the way your information is collected
and used. To make this notice easy to find, we make it available
on our homepage and at every page throughout our entire site. Please
take a moment to read the following to learn more about our information
practices, including what type of information is gathered, how the
information is used and for what purposes, to whom we disclose the
information, and how we safeguard your personal information.
Why
We Collect Personal Information
Why
do we collect your personal information? Because it helps us deliver
a superior level of customer service. It enables us to properly
deliver the products you order in a timely manner. Our order fulfillment
system is dependent on the personal information you provide to us.
We do not sell nor share your personal information with third parties
for the purpose of soliciting third party offers.
The
Information We Collect
This
notice applies to all information collected or submitted on the
Everlife Memorials website or any information faxed or mailed to
us on a printed order form. On some pages, you can order products
and enter your personal information for the completion of an order
session. The types of personal information collected at these pages
are:
Name
Address
Email address
Phone number
Credit/Debit Card Information
On
some pages, you can submit information about the person you are
purchasing the item for. For example, if you order a headstone,
flag case or cremation urn we may ask for personal information of
the deceased. In this circumstance, the types of personal information
we may collect are:
Name
Date of Birth
Date of Death
Wedding Date
On
other pages, you can submit information about other people. For
example, you may want the item you order to be shipped to another
person. In this circumstance, the types of personal information
collected are:
Name
Address
Phone number
Upon
order fulfillment you may receive an invitation via email to participate
in an online survey. Your participation in this survey is voluntary
and you can still take it without submitting personal information.
In this circumstance, the types of personal information collected
are:
Gender
Approximate Age
Education
Approximate Income
First Name, Last Initial
City, State
How
We Use Information
We guarantee not sell nor share your personal information with third parties except for the fulfillment of your order.
We
use the information you provide about yourself when placing an order
only to complete that order. We do not share this information with
outside parties except to the extent necessary to complete that
order. For example, we will provide our vendors with your name and
address so they can ship the product you ordered to the place you
specified.
We
use the information you provide about a deceased person in two possible
ways. 1. To personalize the item you order in the way you want us
to. 2. If the personal information is for a grave marker then we
may use it when contacting the cemetery to verify the memorial's
adherence to their regulations. We only share this information with
third parties for the fulfillment of these purposes.
We
use the information you provide about someone else when placing
an order only to ship the product and to confirm delivery. We do
not share this information with outside parties except to the extent
necessary to complete that order.
We
use the information you provide on our survey in three ways. 1.
To give us an insight as to how we perform so we can look for areas
to improve upon. 2. To create a demographic profile of our customer
base. 3. At the end of the survey we will ask for your permission
to use any comments you may have as a testimonial to be published
on our site or other sales mediums.
We
use return email addresses to answer the email we receive.
Such addresses are not used for any other purpose and are not
shared with outside parties. Any
orders that are mailed in or faxed to our office are treated in
the same manner as are the orders placed through our site. Finally,
we never use or share the personally identifiable information provided
to us online in ways unrelated to the ones described above without
also providing you an opportunity to opt-out or otherwise prohibit
such unrelated uses.
Aggregate
Data
In
addition to personal information, we collect and store information
about the products purchased by channel and the pages viewed by
all of our website visitors. We then use this data in aggregate
form to identify overall customer behavior patterns. Our goal in
using this information is to improve your experience at Everlife
Memorials by being more responsive to the needs and preferences
of our customers.
Our
Web servers automatically collect information about each visitor
who requests Everlife Memorials Web pages, including your computer's
internet protocol (IP) address. This IP address allows us to identify
your computer on the internet so that the Web content you request
from us can be sent to you.
From
time to time, we may provide portions of this aggregate site behavior
information to vendors, consultants or news agencies. We typically
do this in order to demonstrate the amount of interest in Everlife
Memorials and to plan for product and service improvements.
Cookie
Technology
Cookies
are small pieces of information sent from a Web server to your computer.
These allow us to personalize, customize and quickly process and
complete your shopping experience without having to continually
request the same basic information from you. Cookies are not used
to store any personal information such as name, address or payment
information.If
you do not accept or if you remove our cookies, you will not be
able to make a purchase on our site.
Our
Commitment To Data Security
To
prevent unauthorized access, maintain data accuracy, and ensure
the correct use of information, we have put in place appropriate
physical, electronic, and managerial procedures to safeguard and
secure the information we collect online.
How
You Can Access Or Correct Your Information
Due
to the nature of our business and the products we offer, it is very
seldom that we experience repeat customers. Therefore, we do not
keep personal information in a form that can be easily accessible
from our site by our customers. If you need to modify or change
any personal information for the purpose of properly fulfilling
your order or any other purpose you can do so by contacting us using
one of the methods at the bottom of this page. We use this procedure
to better safeguard your information. You
can correct factual errors in your personally identifiable information
by sending us a request that credibly shows error. To
protect your privacy and security, we will also take reasonable
steps to verify your identity before granting access or making corrections.
How
To Contact Us
Should
you have other questions or concerns about these privacy policies,
please us one of the following methods to contact us:
E-mail Support:
Contact us here
Phone:
800.293.3778 or 361.852.6868
Fax:
801.340.6788
Mail:
Classic Memorials, Inc.
DBA Everlife
Memorials
5233 IH 37, Suite C-14
Corpus
Christi, TX 78408
Privacy
Policy Changes
This
Privacy Policy replaces all previous disclosures we may have provided
you about our information practices. We reserve the right to change
this policy and to apply any changes to previously collected information
as permitted by law. If our information practices change in the
future, we will notify you by posting the changes on our website.
This
Privacy Policy was last updated on 01.13.2018
Accept Credit Cards Online
Terms
| Shipping
| Returns
| Privacy
| Site Map
| Resources
| Contact Us
Copyright
© 2004 Classic Memorials, Inc. DBA Everlife Memorials. All Rights Reserved.
Everlife Memorials
5233 IH 37, Suite C-14Corpus Christi, TX 78408Ph: 800.293.3778