http://www.winelight.com/pages/privacy-policy
Skip to content
Just added to your cart
Qty:
View cart ()
Continue shopping
Submit
Close search
Privacy Policy
We know that you are concerned about the security of your personal and private information that is used to conduct commerce on the internet. We appreciate your trust and promise to honor it carefully and sensibly. This notice describes our privacy policy. By visiting www.winelight.com, you are accepting the practices described in this Privacy Statement.
What personal information do we collect?
The personal information we collect is solely for the purpose of maintaining a merchant/customer relationship with you. Here are the types of information we gather.
Information You Give Us: We receive and store information you enter on our Web site or give us in any other way. For example, you provide your billing and/or shipping information so that we may ship your product. We allow you to create an account so that this information is stored and it is not necessary for you to enter it each time that you make a purchase. Alternatively, you may make a purchase without creating an account. In that case, the billing/shipping information is stored only for the purposes of handling that single purchase. Credit card information is also given to us for the purpose of authorizing and paying for your purchase. A credit card number is handled securely from the time that you enter it in your browser, through the time that we have processed it with the credit card company. The number and related information is transmitted through the internet in encrypted form only so that no one else may view the information. After a purchase, we never store credit card numbers for any reason.
Automatic Information: We receive and store certain types of information whenever you interact with us. For example, like most web shopping sites, we use "cookies". Cookies are alphanumeric identifiers that we transfer to your computer's hard drive through your web browser to enable our server to recognize your browser and to keep track of items that you have placed in your shopping cart. The "help" portion of the toolbar on most browsers will tell you how to prevent your browser from accepting new cookies, how to have the browser notify you when you receive a new cookie, or how to disable cookies altogether.
E-mail Communications: We offer a Customer Update Program that allows us to send e-mail messages to you periodically to let you know about new products or features at our store. Enrollment in this program is completely voluntary and we support strong anti-spam policies (spam is the practice of sending unsolicited e-mail to persons, usually for the purpose of selling something). Once enrolled in our Customer Update Program, you may cancel your enrollment at any time. The information we store for this program includes only your first name and e-mail address.
Do we share your personal information?
Your personal information is an important part of our business, as described above, but we are not in the business of selling it to others.
We may release account and/or other personal information when we believe release is appropriate to comply with law or to protect the rights, property, or safety of our company, our users, or others. This includes exchanging information with other companies and organizations for fraud protection and credit risk reduction.
How is my personal information collected over the internet?
Our Responsibility: Whenever your personal information is transmitted between your browser and our server, it is encrypted with Secure Sockets Layer (SSL) software. This is the standard way in which all internet commerce sites today protect your information.
Your Responsibility: As always, it is important for you to protect against unauthorized access to your password, your computer, and your credit card numbers. Do not write down your account password and leave it anywhere near your computer if others may have access it. Never give your credit card number to anyone other than a merchant when making a purchase.
Use left/right arrows to navigate the slideshow or swipe left/right if using a mobile device
Choosing a selection results in a full page refresh.
Press the space key then arrow keys to make a selection.