https://www.k9gifts.com/krackers/privacy.html
UnadvertisedSpecials &New Gifts!
Dog Gifts By Breed
Pet Dog Gifts
Horse Gifts
Cat Gifts
Gift Certificates
Customer Service
Privacy
Privacy Statement - Security Information for Animal Krackers
Animal Krackers has created this privacy statement in order to demonstrate our firm
commitment to privacy. The following discloses our information gathering and dissemination
practices for this website. Animal Krackers keeps all information confidential. We do not sell, provide, distribute or offer to sell
any information to any third parties. See our full disclosure statement below.
Security
We have implemented technology and security
policies, rules and measures to protect the personal data that we
have under our control from: unauthorized access, improper use, alteration, unlawful or
accidental destruction, accidental loss.
All our employees who have access to your personal
data and are associated with the processing of that data are
obliged to respect the confidentiality of your personal data.
Our privacy policy covers Animal Krackers
and its Website:
Animal Krackers
Diane Chandler - Owner
9255 SE Sedgwick Rd.
Port Orchard WA 98366 USA
360-769-7292
https://www.k9gifts.com
AnimalKracker@k9gifts.com
Disclosure
You can access our Web site home page and browse our site https://www.k9gifts.com without disclosing your personal data.
We collect your personal data that you volunteer with your knowledge or your consent via our shopping cart,
off line orders, guest book, and email you send to us here at Animal Krackers. Personal data
supplied by our visitors is used for order processing, updates on new products in your area of interest, and
occasional sales here at Animal Krackers. The average yearly e-mail contact to those requesting future information regarding new products/sales info from Animal Krackers is 3-5 times a year.
We do not
bombard you with emails, and we do not disclose your personal information to any third party.
We also ensure that your personal data will not be disclosed to State
institutions and authorities except if required by law or other regulation.
You may choose to have your name and contact information removed from our opt-in
mailing list at anytime.
In our strong desire to comply with the Children's Online Privacy Act of 1998,
We do not knowingly accept orders, nor do we knowingly accept personal information via
our guest book from children under the age of 13.
Children under the age of 13 must have a parent or guardian submit orders, and or request additional
promotional material from Animal Krackers.
Information and order requests submitted to Animal Krackers
must not contain any personal information of any child under the age of 13.
Visitor Choice
You may choose to receive promotional or marketing information from Animal Krackers
by sending an email to AnimalKracker@k9gifts.com,
by including your e-mail in your personal information when placing your order, or by visiting
our guest book at this URL https://www.k9gifts.com/krackers/guest.html.
You may choose not to receive promotional or marketing information from our Web site https://www.k9gifts.com
or organization by sending an email to AnimalKracker@k9gifts.com, by sending postal mail
to this address
9255 SE Sedgwick Rd
Port Orchard, WA 98366
Toll Free 866-572-2537
(360) 769-7292
Cookies
We use cookies in order to hold session information, order information via our shopping cart.If
you have cookies turned off, our shopping cart will use your IP address to hold session information
while you make your gift selections.
Data Collection via web site logs
Our web site logs information about your visit that is automatically recognized
by the Web server, such as your IP address and the link that brought you to us
(such as a link from a search engine). We use this information for internal review to
improve the content of our web site. It is then is then discarded, and is not shared
with other organizations for commercial purposes. No contact information or personal data is collected
via our web site logs.
Privacy Support
If you have any enquiry about our privacy policy, please contact us!