http://www.waldensurfboards.com/pages/terms
Facebook
Instagram
Pinterest
(0)
Cart
Facebook
Instagram
Pinterest
Search
Right
Log in
Register
(0)
Cart
Search
Shop Surfboards
Toggle menu
One of A Kind Boards
Toggle menu
Magic Models
Mega & Mini Mega Magics
Deviled Egg
Mini Magic
Mucho Magic
CD
Mega Fish
TNT
Enigma
RWST
Velzy
Stock Epoxy Boards
Women's Boards
Toggle menu
Wahine Tie Dye
Wahine Originals
Sale Boards
2020 Board Info
Toggle menu
2020 Board Range
Custom Order Form
About Custom Boards
Custom Colors
Custom Fabrics
Board Construction
Sample Boards
Gear
Toggle menu
Bags & Leashes
Fins
Travel & Gear
Stickers
Wax
Sunscreen
Men's
Toggle menu
T shirts
Hats
Sweatshirts & Long Sleeve
Accessories
Women's
Toggle menu
Hats
Jewelry
Tops
Accessories
Kids'
Toggle menu
Kid's Gear
Gifts
Toggle menu
Candles
Bath & Body
Gifts & More
Sale
Register
Log in
Terms
Terms of Use
Last updated May 29, 2015
Welcome to Walden Surfboards Web site, the Site is provided as a service to our customers. Please review the following terms and conditions of use, which govern your use of the Sites (the "Agreement").
Your use of the Sites constitutes your agreement to follow and be bound by the Agreement. We reserve the right to update or modify this Agreement at any time without prior notice. For this reason, we encourage you to review the Agreement whenever you use any of the Sites. If you do not agree to these terms, please do not use the Sites.
Site Transactions
We reserve the right to refuse any order you place with us. We may, in our sole discretion, limit or cancel quantities purchased per person, per household or per order. These restrictions may include orders placed by or under the same customer account, the same credit card, and/or orders that use the same billing and/or shipping address. In the event we make a change to or cancel an order, we will attempt to notify you by contacting the e-mail and/or billing address/phone number provided at the time the order was made. We reserve the right to limit or prohibit orders that, in our sole judgment, appear to be placed by dealers,resellers or distributors.
Right to Change Sites
We reserve the right, at any time in our sole discretion, to: modify, suspend or discontinue the Sites or any service, content, feature or product offered through the Sites, with or without notice; charge fees in connection with the use of the Sites; modify and/or waive any fees charged in connection with the Sites; and/or offer opportunities to some or all users of the Sites. You agree that we shall not be liable to you or to any third party for any modification, suspension or discontinuance of the Site, or any service, content, feature or product offered through the Sites.
Site Contents
Unless otherwise noted, the Sites, and all materials on the Sites, including text, images, illustrations, designs, icons, photographs, video clips and other materials, and the copyrights, trademarks, trade dress and/or other intellectual property in such materials (collectively, the "Contents"), are owned, controlled or licensed by Walden Surfboards
The Site and the Contents are intended solely for personal, non-commercial use. You may download or copy the Contents and other downloadable materials displayed on the Sites for your personal use only. No right, title or interest in any downloaded Content is transferred to you as a result of any such downloading or copying. You may not reproduce (except as noted above), publish, transmit, distribute, display, modify, create derivative works from, sell or exploit in any way any of the Contents or the Site without written permission of Walden Surfboards”.
Unless otherwise specified, the Sites and the Contents are intended to promote Walden Surfboards products and services available in the United States. The Sites are controlled and operated by Walden Surfboards, Ventura, California.
The content on this site does not constitute medical advice. You should consult your doctor before beginning any exercise, training or athletic program. Walden Surfboards is not responsible for any medical or health problems that may result from your engaging in any activities described on this site or from any information you obtain from this site. If you ever feel discomfort or pain, you should not continue.
Personal Information Submitted Through the Sites
Your submission of personal information through the Sites is governed by our privacy policy, which can be reached by clicking on the "Privacy Policy" link located in the footer section of the Sites (the "Privacy Policy"). This Agreement incorporates by reference the terms and conditions of the Privacy Policy.
Product Information
Many products displayed on the Sites are available at  select Walden dealers, in some cases, select foreign markets. The prices displayed on the Sites are quoted in U.S. Dollars.
Certain products are available exclusively online through the site. These products may have limited quantities and are subject to return or exchange only through the sites according to the applicable return policy.
Errors, Inaccuracies, and Omissions
Occasionally there may be information on our Sites that contains typographical errors, inaccuracies, or omissions that may relate to product descriptions, pricing, promotions, offers, and availability. We reserve the right to correct any errors, inaccuracies or omissions and to change or update information or cancel orders if any information on the Sites is inaccurate at any time without prior notice (including after you have submitted your order).
Colors
We have made every effort to display as accurately as possible the colors of our products that appear at the Sites. We cannot guarantee that your computer monitor's display of any color will be accurate.
Links to Other Web Sites and Services
The Sites may contain links to other Web sites that are not under the control of Walden Surfboards. Walden Surfboards has no responsibility for the linked Web sites nor does linking constitute an endorsement of any linked Web site. Links are provided solely for the convenience and information of the Sites' users.
Disclaimer
The materials on the Site are provided "as is" without warranties of any kind, either express or implied, including without limitation, warranties of title, implied warranties of merchantability, fitness for a particular purpose or non-infringement of intellectual property. Walden Surfboards expressly disclaims any duty to update or revise the materials on the Sites, although Walden Surfboards  may modify the materials at any time without notice. Your use of the Site is at your sole risk, and you assume full responsibility for any costs associated with your use of the Sites. Walden Surfboards shall not be liable for any damages of any kind related to your use of the Site.
Indemnification
You agree to defend, indemnify and hold Walden Surfboards harmless from and against any and all claims, damages, costs and expenses, including attorneys' fees, arising from or related to your use of the Sites and/or your breach of any representation, warranty, or other provision of the Agreement.
Dispute Resolution
Mindful of the high cost of litigation, not only in dollars but also in time and energy, both you and Walden Surfboards  agree to the following dispute resolution procedure: In the event of any controversy, claim, action or dispute arising out of or related to any transaction conducted on the Site, or the breach, enforcement, interpretation, or validity of this Agreement or any part of it ("Dispute"), the party asserting the Dispute shall first try in good faith to settle such Dispute by providing written notice to the other party (by first class or registered mail) describing the facts and circumstances (including any relevant documentation) of the Dispute and allowing the receiving party 30 days in which to respond to or settle the Dispute. Notice shall be sent
(1) to Walden Surfboards 853 E Front Street, Ventura, Ca. 93001 Attn: General Counsel, or
(2) to you at: your last-used billing address or the billing and/or shipping address in your online profile.
Both you and Walden Surfboards agree that this dispute resolution procedure is a condition precedent which must be satisfied prior to initiating any litigation or filing any claim against the other party.
Choice of Law
This Agreement shall be construed in accordance with the laws of the State of California, without regard to any conflict of law provisions. Any dispute arising under this Agreement shall be resolved exclusively by the state and/or federal courts of the State of California, County of Ventura, California.  The waiver of any provision of the Agreement shall not be considered a waiver of any other provision or of Walden Surfboards  right to require strict observance of each of the terms herein. If any provision of the Agreement is found to be unenforceable or invalid for any reason, that provision shall be severable, and all other provisions shall remain in full force and effect. This Agreement constitutes the entire agreement between us relating to your use of the Sites.
Termination
These terms are effective unless and until terminated by either you or Walden Surfboards.  You may terminate this Agreement at any time. Walden Surfboards also may terminate this Agreement at any time without notice, and accordingly may deny you access to the Sites, if in our sole judgment you fail to comply with any term or provision of the Agreement. The obligations and liabilities of the parties incurred prior to the termination date shall survive the termination of this Agreement for all purposes.
About
History
Contact
Shipping Info
Terms
Policies
Signup
© 2020 Walden Surfboards.
Discover
Mastercard
PayPal
Venmo
Visa