https://www.johnhardy.com/privacy-policy.html
Skip to navigation
Skip to content
Skip to footer
Home
Customer Service
Privacy Policy
Secondary Navigation
More Information
Contact Us
Frequently Asked Questions
Shipping
Returns
Repair Service
International
Terms & Conditions
Privacy Policy
Code of Conduct
Corporate Gifting
PRIVACY POLICY
This Privacy Policy explains how JOHN HARDY USA Inc. and our subsidiaries and affiliated companies (collectively, “John Hardy”, “we” or “us”) collect, use, and disclose personal information about you when you access or use our website (the “Site”), contact our customer service team, engage with us on social media, shop in our stores, or otherwise interact with us. For terms and conditions that apply to your use of the Site, please review our Terms & Conditions.
We may change this Privacy Policy from time to time. If we make changes, we will notify you by revising the date at the bottom of the policy and, in some cases, we may provide you with additional notice (such as adding a statement to our website homepage or sending you a notification). We encourage you to review the Privacy Policy whenever you access the Site or otherwise interact with us to stay informed about our information practices and the choices available to you.
CONTENTS
1. Personal Information We Collect
2. How We Use the Personal Information We Collect
3. Personal Information We Share
4. Advertising and Analytics Services Provided by Others
5. Security
6. Your Choices
7. Additional Disclosures
8. Your California Privacy Rights
9. Contact Us
1.PERSONAL INFORMATION WE COLLECT (Back to Contents)
1.1 Personal Information Collected Directly from You
We collect personal information you provide directly to us. For example, we collect information when you create a profile on our Site, fill out a form, provide your information for inclusion in a client book, participate in a sweepstake, contest or promotion, make a purchase, apply for a job, communicate with us via third-party social media sites, request customer support, or otherwise communicate with us. The types of personal information we may collect include your name, address (billing and shipping), email address, telephone number(s), credit card number(s), birth date, gender, security question answers and any other information you choose to provide.
1.2 Personal Information Collected Automatically
When you access or use our Site, visit our stores or otherwise transact business with us, we automatically collect information about you, including:
Transactional Information: When you make a purchase or return, we collect information about the transaction, such as product details, purchase price, and date and location of the transaction.
In-Store Activity: When you shop in our stores, we collect information about your activity through closed circuit TVs for security monitoring.
Log and Usage Information: We collect information related to your access to and use of the Site, including the type of browser you use, access times, pages viewed, links clicked, your IP address, and the page you visited before navigating to our Site.
Information Collected by Cookies and Similar Tracking Technologies: We (and our service providers) use different technologies to collect information, including cookies and web beacons. Cookies are small files sent by us to your computer or device that help us gauge the success of our Site and will track session information such as what pages you access and for how long, which allows us to make updates to enhance your experience, including recognizing your preferences to make shopping easier for you and providing you with a customized experience. Web beacons (also known as “pixel tags” or “clear GIFs”) are electronic images that may be used on our Site or in our emails and help deliver cookies, count visits, and understand usage and campaign effectiveness. For more information about cookies and how to disable them, see “Your Choices” below.
1.3 Personal Information We Collect from Other Sources
We may also obtain information about you from other sources. For example, we may collect information about you from social media sites. Additionally, if you log into your account through a social media site, we will have access to certain information from that site, such as your name, account information, and friends lists, in accordance with the authorization procedures determined by such social media site.
1.4 Personal Information We Derive
We may derive information or draw inferences about you based on the information we collect. For example, we may make inferences about your location based on your IP address or that you are interested in purchasing a certain product based on your browsing behavior on our Site.
2.HOW WE USE THE PERSONAL INFORMATION WE COLLECT (Back to Contents)
Our customers are at the heart of what we do. We use the personal information we collect to provide you with our products and improve your shopping experience. We also use the information to:
Provide, maintain and improve our Site, including to create and manage your online account and provide you with more relevant and personalized content;
Complete the transactions you request, perform our contractual obligations, and as otherwise anticipated within the context of our ongoing business relationship;
Detect security incidents and protect against malicious, deceptive, fraudulent, or illegal activity;
Monitor, audit and analyze trends, usage, and activities in connection with our Site;
Display advertisements based on your preferences, interests, and browsing behavior (for more information, see “Advertising and Analytics Services Provided by Others”);
Conduct internal research and development;
Identify and authenticate users and send updates, security alerts, and support and administrative messages;
Respond to your comments, questions, requests and any other communications from you, including to provide customer service;
Communicate with you about products, services, opportunities and events offered by John Hardy and our partners and provide news and information we think will be of interest to you (see “Your Choices” below for information about how to opt out of these communications);
Debug, identify and repair errors that impair the functionality of our Site;
Comply with our legal obligations;
Carry out certain short-term activities and other reasonable internal purposes related to the products you purchase from us or your ongoing relationship with us;
Facilitate sweepstakes, contests and promotions and process and deliver entries and rewards; and
Carry out any other purpose described to you at the time the information was collected.
3. PERSONAL INFORMATION WE SHARE (Back to Contents)
We may share information about you as follows or as otherwise described in this Privacy Policy:
With vendors, service providers, and consultants that need access to your information in order to perform services for us (e.g., delivery companies, payment processors, and web hosting vendors);
In response to a request for information if we believe disclosure is in accordance with, or required by, any applicable law or legal process, including lawful requests by public authorities to meet national security or law enforcement requirements;
If we believe your actions are inconsistent with our user agreements or policies, if we believe you have violated the law, or to protect the rights, property, and safety of John Hardy or others;
In connection with, or during negotiations of, any merger, sale of company assets, financing or acquisition of all or a portion of our business by another company; and
With your consent or at your direction or as otherwise permitted by law.
We may also share aggregated or de-identified information that cannot reasonably be used by third parties to identify you.
4. ADVERTISING AND ANALYTICS SERVICES PROVIDED BY OTHERS (Back to Contents)
We may allow others to provide analytics services and serve advertisements on our behalf across the web and in mobile applications. These entities may use cookies, web beacons, device identifiers and other technologies to collect information about your use of the Site and other websites and applications, including your IP address, web browser, mobile network information, pages viewed, time spent on pages or in apps, links clicked, and conversion information. This information may be used by John Hardy and others to, among other things, analyze and track data, determine the popularity of certain content, deliver advertising and content targeted to your interests on our Site and other websites, and better understand your online activity. For more information about interest-based ads, or to opt out of having your web browsing information used for behavioral advertising purposes, please visit http://optout.aboutads.info.
We may also work with third parties to serve ads to you as part of a customized campaign on third-party platforms (such as Facebook, Microsoft or Google). As part of these ad campaigns, we or third-party platforms may convert information about you, such as your email address and phone number, into a unique value that can be matched with a user account on these platforms to allow us to learn about your interests and to serve you advertising that is customized to your interests. Note that the third-party platforms may offer you choices about whether you see these types of customized ads.
5. SECURITY (Back to Contents)
We take reasonable administrative, technical, and physical measures to help protect personal information from loss, theft, misuse, and unauthorized access, disclosure, alteration, and destruction. While we strive to protect your personal information, we cannot guarantee the security of your information.
6. YOUR CHOICES (Back to Contents)
6.1 Account Information
You may update and correct your online account information by logging into your account or emailing us at privacy@johnhardy.com. If you wish to deactivate your account, please email us at privacy@johnhardy.com, but note that we may retain certain information as required by law or for legitimate business purposes. We may also retain cached or archived copies of information about you for a certain period of time.
6.2 Cookies
Most web browsers are set to accept cookies by default. If you prefer, you can usually choose to set your browser to remove or reject browser cookies. Please note that if you choose to remove or reject cookies, this could affect the availability and functionality of our Site.
6.3 Promotional Communications
You may opt out of receiving promotional emails from John Hardy by following the instructions in those emails or by sending an email to privacy@johnhardy.com. If you opt out, we may still send you non-promotional emails, such as those about your account or our ongoing business relations.
7. ADDITIONAL DISCLOSURES (Back to Contents)
7.1 Transfer of Information to the United States and Other Countries
John Hardy has operations and service providers in the United States and other countries. Therefore, we and our service providers may transfer your personal information to, or store or access it in, jurisdictions that may not provide levels of data protection that are equivalent to those of your home jurisdiction. We will take steps to ensure that your personal information receives an adequate level of protection in the jurisdictions in which we process it.
7.2 Additional Disclosures for International Customers
If you are located in the European Economic Area (EEA), the United Kingdom, or Switzerland, you have certain rights and protections under the law regarding the processing of your personal data, and this section applies to you.
Legal Basis for Processing: When we process your personal data, we will do so in reliance on the following lawful bases:
To perform our responsibilities under our contract with you (e.g., processing payments for and providing the products and services you requested).
When we have a legitimate interest in processing your personal data to operate our business or protect our interests (e.g., to provide, maintain, and improve our products and services, conduct data analytics, and communicate with you).
To comply with our legal obligations (e.g., to maintain a record of your consents and track those who have opted out of marketing communications).
When we have your consent to do so (e.g., when you opt in to receive marketing communications from us). When consent is the legal basis for our processing your personal data, you may withdraw such consent at any time.
Data Subject Requests: Subject to certain limitations, you have the right to request access to the personal data we hold about you and to receive your data in a portable format, the right to ask that your personal data be corrected or erased, and the right to object to, or request that we restrict, certain processing. If you would like to exercise any of these rights, call 1-888-838-3022 or filling out this webform
International partners: We partnered with Global-e, a third party service acting as your seller-on-record, so you can buy and ship your John Hardy products to over 100 destinations worldwide! When you buy your John Hardy products from Global-e, you will see that your payment method is charged by **Global-e/John Hardy **, and the purchase is subject to Global-e’s Terms and Conditions and Privacy Policy (which will be clearly presented in checkout before you place the order). You can contact Global-e here: https://service.global-e.com/. Global-e privacy policy
We work with Epsilon Abacus (registered as Epsilon International UK Ltd), a company that manages the Abacus Alliance on behalf of UK retailers. The participating retailers are active in the clothing, collectables, food & wine, gardening, gadgets & entertainment, health & beauty, household goods, and home interiors categories. Retailers share information about their customers and what they buy. Epsilon Abacus processes this information as a processor on behalf of the retailers to help them understand consumers’ wider buying patterns. From this information, retailers can tailor their communications, sending individuals suitable offers that should be of interest to them, based on what they like to buy. You can learn more about how Epsilon Abacus processes your personal information in their Privacy Policy, which is available here: https://abacus.epsilon.com/privacy-policy/.
8.
YOUR CALIFORNIA PRIVACY RIGHTS (Back to Contents)
Consumers residing in California are afforded certain additional rights with respect to their personal information under the California Consumer Privacy Act (“CCPA”). If you are a California resident, this section applies to you.
Collection and Use of Personal Information: In the preceding 12 months, we have collected the following categories of personal information: identifiers; characteristics of protected classifications under California or federal law; commercial information; Internet or other electronic network activity information; electronic, audio, visual or similar information; and inferences made by us. For examples of the precise data points we collect and the sources of such collection, please see “Personal Information We Collect” above. We collect personal information for the business and commercial purposes described in “How We Use the Personal Information We Collect” above.
Disclosure of Personal Information: We may share the categories of personal information listed above with third parties as described in the “Personal Information We Share” section. In the preceding 12 months, we have disclosed information about California residents from the following categories of personal information for business or commercial purposes to the following third parties:
We share identifiers with advertising networks, data analytics providers, fraud prevention partners, fulfilment partners, marketing partners, and payment processors. · We share characteristics of protected classifications under California or federal law with data analytics providers.
We share commercial information with advertising networks, data analytics providers, fraud prevention partners, fulfilment partners, and payment processors.
We share electronic, audio, visual or similar information with fraud prevention partners.
We share Internet or other electronic network activity information with advertising networks, data analytics providers, fraud prevention partners, and payment processors.
We share inferences made by us with advertising networks and data analytics providers
Sale of Personal Information: California law requires that we provide transparency about personal information we “sell,” which for the purposes of the CCPA broadly means scenarios in which we have shared personal information with third parties in exchange for valuable consideration. We do not, and will not, sell identifying information, such as your name, email address, phone number, or postal address. As described above, we do permit our advertising partners to use cookies and other technologies to collect information about you, and those partners use and share those identifiers to show ads that are targeted to your interests. For information about how to opt out of having your web browsing information used for behavioral advertising purposes, please see the “Advertising and Analytics Services Provided by Others” section above.
Your Rights: If you are a California resident, you have the right to (1) request more information about the categories and specific pieces of personal information we have collected, sold and disclosed for a business purpose in the last 12 months, (2) request deletion of your personal information, (3) to opt out of sales of your personal information, if applicable, and (4) not be discriminated against for exercising these rights. You may make these requests by calling 1-888-838-3022 or filling out this webform. Once we receive your request, we will verify it by asking you to provide information related to your account and your recent interactions with us. If we receive your request from an authorized agent, we may request evidence that you have provided such agent with power of attorney or that the agent otherwise has valid written authority to submit requests on your behalf. We will not discriminate against you if you exercise your rights under the CCPA.
Financial Incentives: We offer various financial incentives. For example, we may provide discounts, coupons, and other benefits for customers who sign up to receive our marketing emails or join certain discount programs. When you participate in a financial incentive, we collect personal information from you, such as identifiers like your name and email address and commercial information like your purchase history. You can opt into a financial incentive by following the sign-up instructions, and you have the ability to opt-out of the incentive at any time by contacting us at 800-838-3022 or privacy@johnhardy.com. In some cases, we may provide additional terms and conditions for a financial incentive, which we will provide to you when you sign up. The value of your personal information is reasonably related to the value of the offer or discount presented to you.
9.CONTACT US (Back to Contents)
If you have any questions about this policy, please contact us at:
JOHN HARDY USA Inc.
330 Hudson Street
New York, NY 10013
1-888-838-3022
privacy@johnhardy.com
Last Updated: September 09, 2020
© 2020 All rights reserved.
Have a Question?
See our Privacy Policy.
Thanks for submitting your question. We'll get back to you shortly.
All fields required
•
Subject
Select Topic
Corporate Gifting
U.S. Online Orders
International Online Orders
Wholesale
Repairs
Marketing
Press
Visit Us In Bali
Careers
Others
•
Enter First Name
•
Enter Last Name
•
Enter Email
•
Enter Phone Number
•
forms.haveaquestion.description
Submit
From Bali to your inbox
Email Address
Privacy Policy | Notice of Financial Incentives | Unsubscribe at any time
Stay Connected
Facebook
Instagram
Twitter
Pinterest
LinkedIn
Client Care
Frequently Asked Questions
Contact Us
Returns
Terms & Conditions
Privacy Policy
About Us
Our Story
Boutiques
Store Locator
Corporate Gifting
Holiday Lookbook
© 2020 John Hardy
If you are using a screen reader and are having problems using this website, please call 1-888-838-3022 for assistance.
Item added to bag
View Shopping Bag
Checkout
Close
By continuing on John Hardy, you agree to the use of cookies to improve your experience. Click here to view our privacy policy.