http://www.hotgift.com/assistance/privacy.html
what's newbath & bodygourmet & gift basketshome & gardenhot gift ideasjewelryclothing & accessoriespersonalized giftswatchesbags & totespersonal accessoriesanniversarybirthdaycongratulationsgood luckjust thinking of youromancethank youweddingget wellfor himfor herfor kids & teensfor baby
Home   •   assistance   •   privacy policy
At Hotgift.com, we respect our customer and
understand your concern about privacy and the use of personal information.
We are committed to protecting our customer personal and account information
both online and offline.
100% Safe shopping Guarantee
When you place an order with us, you can be assured that your credit card and other personal information is safe. Every transaction is encrypted using the industry standard Secure Sockets Layer (SSL) technology. This ensures that your personal data and card number are fully encrypted and scrambled as they are sent from your web browser to our servers.
Use of Personal Information
In order to enhance your online shopping experience and to communicate with you about our products and services, we sometimes
ask for your personal information. This privacy statement explains how information is used.
Hotgift.com does not collect any personal information such as name, address or e-mail address on our Web sites without your knowledge or consent. We protect the interest our customer and pledge to preserve your privacy by:
Protecting any information customers share with us and will not sell or share such information with other parties.
Using Secure Sockets Layer (SSL) technology to encrypt your credit card information as it travels over the Internet.
Keeping visitors posted about your privacy rights.
Hotgift.com is happy to provide further details about our privacy policies. If you have any questions or comments regarding this Privacy Policy, please contact us at: privacy@hotgift.com.
Assistance
Customer Service Home
Ordering Info
Payment Methods
Shipping / Delivery
Returns Policy
Secure Shopping
International Orders
Corporate Sales
Contact Us
Home |
Browse Store |
Customer Service |
Shipping Info |
About Us |
Gift Search |
My Account
© 2004-2020, Hotgift.com. All Rights Reserved
Terms of Use |
Privacy Policy |
Site Map