https://www.southerncrosspottery.com.au/privacy-policy.html
My Account
Orders
Compare list
My tags
Track my order(s)
Track my order(s)
Sign inRegister
Contact us Full info & FAQ
1 800 761144
Cart is empty
Cart is empty
View cart
Checkout
Menu
Ultra Slim Water Purifiers
Large Water Purifiers
Australian Flora
Neti Pots
Replacement Filters/Taps
Reusable Cups
Home/Privacy policy
Info / FAQ
How Does It Work?
Fluoride Information
Delivery Information
Info & Warranty Booklet
Trouble Shooting
Benefits
Security
FAQ
Privacy policy
What information do we collect?
We collect information from you when you register on our site, place an order, subscribe to our newsletter or fill out a form.
When ordering or registering on our site, as appropriate, you may be asked to enter your: name, e-mail address or mailing address. You may, however, visit our site anonymously.
What do we use your information for?
Any of the information we collect from you may be used in one of the following ways:
To personalize your experience (your information helps us to better respond to your individual needs)
To improve our website (we continually strive to improve our website offerings based on the information and feedback we receive from you)
To improve customer service (your information helps us to more effectively respond to your customer service requests and support needs)
To process transactions
Your information, whether public or private, will not be sold, exchanged, transferred, or given to any other company for any reason whatsoever, without your consent, other than for the express purpose of delivering the purchased product or service requested.
To administer a contest, promotion, survey or other site feature
To send periodic emails
The email address you provide for order processing, may be used to send you information and updates pertaining to your order, in addition to receiving occasional company news, updates, related product or service information, etc.
Note: If at any time you would like to unsubscribe from receiving future emails, we include detailed unsubscribe instructions at the bottom of each email.
How do we protect your information?
We implement a variety of security measures to maintain the safety of your personal information when you place an order or enter, submit, or access your personal information.
We offer the use of a secure server. All supplied sensitive information is transmitted via Secure Socket Layer (SSL) technology and then encrypted into our Payment gateway providers database only to be accessible by those authorized with special access rights to such systems, and are required to keep the information confidential.
Do we use cookies?
Yes (Cookies are small files that a site or its service provider transfers to your computers hard drive through your Web browser (if you allow) that enables the sites or service providers systems to recognize your browser and capture and remember certain information).
We use cookies to help us remember and process the items in your shopping cart, understand and save your preferences for future visits and keep track of advertisements.
Do we disclose any information to outside parties?
We do not sell, trade, or otherwise transfer to outside parties your personally identifiable information. This does not include trusted third parties who assist us in operating our website, conducting our business, or servicing you, so long as those parties agree to keep this information confidential. We may also release your information when we believe release is appropriate to comply with the law, enforce our site policies, or protect ours or others rights, property, or safety. However, non-personally identifiable visitor information may be provided to other parties for marketing, advertising, or other uses.
Third party links
Occasionally, at our discretion, we may include or offer third party products or services on our website. These third party sites have separate and independent privacy policies. We therefore have no responsibility or liability for the content and activities of these linked sites. Nonetheless, we seek to protect the integrity of our site and welcome any feedback about these sites.
Online Privacy Policy Only
This online privacy policy applies only to information collected through our website and not to information collected offline.
Your Consent
By using our site, you consent to our privacy policy.
Changes to our Privacy Policy
If we decide to change our privacy policy, we will post those changes on this page, and/or update the Privacy Policy modification date below.
This policy was last modified on 01.12.2012
My account
Sign in
Create account
More About Us
About us
Our Outlets
Contact us
Videos
Gift certificates
Our brands
Customer Service
About your order
Compare list
Privacy policy
Sitemap
Stay Connected
Email
Southern Cross Pottery is one of the leading providers of water filters / purifiers - stoneware water purifiers, fluoride purifiers, clay water purifiers, ceramic purifier, pottery water purifiers and water filter tap in NSW, QLD, SA, VIC, ACT, TAS, WA, NT, including Sydney, Melbourne, Brisbane, Perth, Adelaide, Gold Coast, Newcastle, Canberra, Cairns, Wollongong, Sunshine Coast, Hobart, Geelong, Townsville, Cairns, and Central Coast.
© 1987-2020 Southern Cross Pottery.  Powered by CS-Cart Themes
Follow us: