http://www.bodypoint.com/privacy
Toggle navigation
Menu
Search
Partners
Sign In
Home > Privacy Statement
PRIVACY STATEMENT
Bodypoint, Inc. is committed to honoring the privacy of visitors to our website. This Privacy Policy ("Policy") explains how personal information about you is collected, used and disclosed by Bodypoint, Inc.
Information collected
We collect personal information you provide to us when you register for an account, browse the site, make a purchase from our store, sign up for classes or events, respond to a survey, fill out a form and when you email, call, fax or otherwise communicate with us.
How we get information from you
A cookie can be used for authentication, storing site preferences, as the identifier for server-based session or anything else that can be accomplished through storing text data that enables the sites or service providers systems to recognize your browser and remember certain information. When you view a video on our site that uses Adobe Flash Player, a third party (Adobe Systems Inc.) may set a "flash cookie" on your computer. We also collect information using Web beacons. Web beacons are electronic images that may be used on our site or in our emails. We use Web beacons to deliver cookies, count visits, understand usage and campaign effectiveness and to tell if an email has been opened or acted upon.
Information uses
Any information we collect from you may be used in one or more of the following ways:
Maintain and administer your account
Deliver products and services, process and complete transactions and send you related information, including purchase confirmations, invoices, updates, security alerts, recall notices and support and administrative messages
Improve customer service
Provide communications about Bodypoint, Inc. and partner products, services, offers, promotions, news, upcoming events and geographically relevant information
Process and deliver contest or sweepstakes entries and prizes
Post or publish user-submitted feedback, comments, stories, photos and videos, either in de-identified form, or with the express consent of the user(s) in question
Operate and improve our sites and services.
Outside parties
We do not sell, trade, or otherwise transfer to outside parties your personally identifiable information. This does not include trusted third parties who assist us in operating our website, conducting our business, or servicing you, so long as those parties agree to keep this information confidential. We may also release your information only when such release is necessary to comply with the law, enforce our site policies, or protect ours or others' rights, property or safety. However, non-personally identifiable information may be provided to other parties for marketing, advertising or other uses.
Third party links
Our site contains links to third party products or services. These third parties have separate and independent privacy policies. Bodypoint is not responsible for the privacy practices or the content of such sites.
Bodypoint, Inc. seeks to protect the reputation and integrity of this site by using commercially reasonable physical, electronic and procedural measures to protect personal information from loss, misuse, unauthorized access, disclosure, alteration and destruction while it is under our control.
California Online Privacy Protection Act compliance
We have taken the necessary precautions to be in compliance with the California Online Privacy Protection Act. We will not distribute your personal information to outside parties without your consent.
Children’s Online Privacy Protection compliance
In compliance with the COPPA (Children’s Online Privacy Protection Act), we do not collect information from anyone under 13 years of age. Our website, products and services are all directed to people who are at least 13 years old or older.
Health Insurance Portability and Accountability Act compliance
The privacy of your medical information is ensured via HIPPA and its Privacy Rule. The Privacy Rule provides federal protections for personal health information held by covered entities and grants patients an array of rights with respect to that information. At the same time, the Privacy Rule allows for the disclosure of personal health information needed for patient care and other purposes.
Always seek the advice of your physician or other qualified health care provider regarding any medical condition or treatment. The tools and reference guides provided by Bodypoint are not intended as professional medical advice.
User feedback
Bodypoint is pleased to hear from visitors and welcomes your comments. Please be advised that Bodypoint does not accept or consider unsolicited ideas for new products or technologies, processes, marketing plans or names. Please do not send your unsolicited inventions or concepts to Bodypoint. If, despite this request, you still send Bodypoint your ideas and materials, then by submitting this information through this site, you assign to Bodypoint, free of charge, all worldwide right, title and interest in such information.
Consent
By using our site, you consent to our privacy policy.
Changes to our privacy policy
If we change our privacy policy, we will post those changes on this page.
Contacting Us
If there are any questions regarding this privacy policy, you may contact us at:
sales@bodypoint.com
Bodypoint, Inc.558 1st Ave South, Suite 300Seattle, WA 98104
1-800-547-5716 (U.S. and Canada)+1-206-405-4555 (Outside the U.S. and Canada)
4824-6487-7332, v. 1
×
Close
PRODUCTS
WHEELCHAIR POSITIONING
HOW TO BUY
RESOURCES
ABOUT US
New to our updated hip belts? Find the right belt and then select the mounting hardware that works best.
Our products are:
Tested to all applicable standards, including ISO, ANSI/RESNA and EN.
Backed with a limited lifetime warranty
Machine wash (up to 600C/1400F) and machine dry
Made in Seattle, USA, under an ISO 9001:2015-compliant Quality Management System
To see all products in a category, please click a picture below.
Positions Are Personal One person, one chair, one position.
Why Positioning Matters
We improve users' safety, comfort and function.
Wheelchair Seating Standards
Standards illuminate the performance of our products.
Success Stories
Our postural supports change lives.
Advocacy
Bodypoint interacts with the industry, community and users.
SaveSaveSave
Strengthen a position today! Our worldwide partners help select and use our products.
Patient, Caregiver or Clinician
Buy from a partner.
Dealers
Create an online account.
Customer Service
e-mail
or call us at 800.547.5716
M - F, 7:00am - 4:30pm PST
Become a US Dealer
We look forward to working with you.
International Partners
Purchase outside the US.
Manufacturers
Add value to your mobility device.
Save
Learn about Bodypoint and postural supportImprove the independence, comfort and safety of children and adults who use wheelchairs and other mobility devices.
Literature
Catalog and clinical information
Coding and Reimbursement
There's a code for that.
FAQs
Product and ordering questions
Terms & Conditions
BP trademarks, warranty, and policies
Contact Us
How can we help?
Training
Product and how-to videos
SaveSave
About Us"At Bodypoint, we work every day to better understand the capabilities and aspirations of people who use wheelchairs. As we imagine, design and manufacture our products, we strive to bridge the gap between the hard and the soft, the inanimate and the living, to create a better connection between wheelchairs and people."- David Hintzman, Co-Founder
Overview
Every wheeler deserves all the safety, comfort and function we can provide.
Quality Policy
Our supports are tested to ANSI/RESNA, EN and ISO standards.
Culture
We celebrate innovation, while fostering consistency.
Newsletter
To the Point - News that supports you!
Events
Stop by and chat!
SaveSave
×
Close
Site Search
Quicklinks
Select a Product
Aeromesh
Ankle Huggers
Evoflex
Chest Belt
Cinch-Mount
Flat-Mount
FrameSaver
Grooved Mushroom Joystick Handle
Mobility Bag
Monoflex
PivotFit
Shower Chair Calf Support
Stayflex
Universal Elastic Strap