http://www.extreme-exposure.com/terms-conditions/
Home
Terms & Conditions / Privacy
Introduction
These terms and conditions govern your use of this website; by using this website, you accept these terms and conditions in full.   If you disagree with these terms and conditions or any part of these terms and conditions, you must not use this website.
[You must be at least [18] years of age to use this website.  By using this website [and by agreeing to these terms and conditions] you warrant and represent that you are at least [18] years of age.]
[This website uses cookies.  By using this website and agreeing to these terms and conditions, you consent to Extreme Exposure's use of cookies in accordance with the terms of Extreme Exposure's privacy policy / cookies policy.
License to use website
Unless otherwise stated, Extreme Exposure and/or its licensors own the intellectual property rights in the website and material on the website.  Subject to the license below, all these intellectual property rights are reserved.
You may view, download for caching purposes only, and print pages from the website for your own personal use, subject to the restrictions set out below and elsewhere in these terms and conditions.
You must not:
republish material from this website (including republication on another website);
sell, rent or sub-license material from the website;
show any material from the website in public;
reproduce, duplicate, copy or otherwise exploit material on this website for a commercial purpose;]
[edit or otherwise modify any material on the website; or]
[redistribute material from this website [except for content specifically and expressly made available for redistribution].]
Acceptable use
You must not use this website in any way that causes, or may cause, damage to the website or impairment of the availability or accessibility of the website; or in any way which is unlawful, illegal, fraudulent or harmful, or in connection with any unlawful, illegal, fraudulent or harmful purpose or activity.
You must not use this website to copy, store, host, transmit, send, use, publish or distribute any material which consists of (or is linked to) any spyware, computer virus, Trojan horse, worm, keystroke logger, rootkit or other malicious computer software.
You must not conduct any systematic or automated data collection activities (including without limitation scraping, data mining, data extraction and data harvesting) on or in relation to this website without Extreme Exposure’s express written consent.
[You must not use this website to transmit or send unsolicited commercial communications.]
[You must not use this website for any purposes related to marketing without Extreme Exposure’s express written consent.]
[Restricted access
[Access to certain areas of this website is restricted.]  Extreme Exposure reserves the right to restrict access to [other] areas of this website, or indeed this entire website, at Extreme Exposure’s discretion.
If Extreme Exposure provides you with a user ID and password to enable you to access restricted areas of this website or other content or services, you must ensure that the user ID and password are kept confidential.
[Extreme Exposure may disable your user ID and password in Extreme Exposure’s sole discretion without notice or explanation.]
User content
In these terms and conditions, “your user content” means material (including without limitation text, images, audio material, video material and audio-visual material) that you submit to this website, for whatever purpose.
You grant to Extreme Exposure a worldwide, irrevocable, non-exclusive, royalty-free license to use, reproduce, adapt, publish, translate and distribute your user content in any existing or future media.  You also grant to Extreme Exposure the right to sub-license these rights, and the right to bring an action for infringement of these rights.
Your user content must not be illegal or unlawful, must not infringe any third party's legal rights, and must not be capable of giving rise to legal action whether against you or Extreme Exposure or a third party (in each case under any applicable law).
You must not submit any user content to the website that is or has ever been the subject of any threatened or actual legal proceedings or other similar complaint.
Extreme Exposure reserves the right to edit or remove any material submitted to this website, or stored on Extreme Exposure’s servers, or hosted or published upon this website.
[Notwithstanding Extreme Exposure’s rights under these terms and conditions in relation to user content, Extreme Exposure does not undertake to monitor the submission of such content to, or the publication of such content on, this website.]
No warranties
This website is provided “as is” without any representations or warranties, express or implied.  Extreme Exposure makes no representations or warranties in relation to this website or the information and materials provided on this website.
Without prejudice to the generality of the foregoing paragraph, Extreme Exposure does not warrant that:
l  this website will be constantly available, or available at all; or
l  the information on this website is complete, true, accurate or non-misleading.
Nothing on this website constitutes, or is meant to constitute, advice of any kind.  [If you require advice in relation to any [legal, financial or medical] matter you should consult an appropriate professional.]
Limitations of liability
Extreme Exposure will not be liable to you (whether under the law of contact, the law of torts or otherwise) in relation to the contents of, or use of, or otherwise in connection with, this website:
l  [to the extent that the website is provided free-of-charge, for any direct loss;]
l  for any indirect, special or consequential loss; or
l  for any business losses, loss of revenue, income, profits or anticipated savings, loss of contracts or business relationships, loss of reputation or goodwill, or loss or corruption of information or data.
These limitations of liability apply even if Extreme Exposure has been expressly advised of the potential loss.
Exceptions
Nothing in this website disclaimer will exclude or limit any warranty implied by law that it would be unlawful to exclude or limit; and nothing in this website disclaimer will exclude or limit Extreme Exposure’s liability in respect of any:
l  death or personal injury caused by Extreme Exposure’s negligence;
l  fraud or fraudulent misrepresentation on the part of Extreme Exposure; or
l  matter which it would be illegal or unlawful for Extreme Exposure to exclude or limit, or to attempt or purport to exclude or limit, its liability.
Reasonableness
By using this website, you agree that the exclusions and limitations of liability set out in this website disclaimer are reasonable.
If you do not think they are reasonable, you must not use this website.
Other parties
[You accept that, as a limited liability entity, Extreme Exposure has an interest in limiting the personal liability of its officers and employees.  You agree that you will not bring any claim personally against Extreme Exposure’s officers or employees in respect of any losses you suffer in connection with the website.]
[Without prejudice to the foregoing paragraph,] you agree that the limitations of warranties and liability set out in this website disclaimer will protect Extreme Exposure’s officers, employees, agents, subsidiaries, successors, assigns and sub-contractors as well as Extreme Exposure.
Unenforceable provisions
If any provision of this website disclaimer is, or is found to be, unenforceable under applicable law, that will not affect the enforceability of the other provisions of this website disclaimer.
Indemnity
You hereby indemnify Extreme Exposure and undertake to keep Extreme Exposure indemnified against any losses, damages, costs, liabilities and expenses (including without limitation legal expenses and any amounts paid by Extreme Exposure to a third party in settlement of a claim or dispute on the advice of Extreme Exposure’s legal advisers) incurred or suffered by Extreme Exposure arising out of any breach by you of any provision of these terms and conditions[, or arising out of any claim that you have breached any provision of these terms and conditions].
Breaches of these terms and conditions
Without prejudice to Extreme Exposure’s other rights under these terms and conditions, if you breach these terms and conditions in any way, Extreme Exposure may take such action as Extreme Exposure deems appropriate to deal with the breach, including suspending your access to the website, prohibiting you from accessing the website, blocking computers using your IP address from accessing the website, contacting your internet service provider to request that they block your access to the website and/or bringing court proceedings against you.
Variation
Extreme Exposure may revise these terms and conditions from time-to-time.  Revised terms and conditions will apply to the use of this website from the date of the publication of the revised terms and conditions on this website.  Please check this page regularly to ensure you are familiar with the current version.
Assignment
Extreme Exposure may transfer, sub-contract or otherwise deal with Extreme Exposure’s rights and/or obligations under these terms and conditions without notifying you or obtaining your consent.
You may not transfer, sub-contract or otherwise deal with your rights and/or obligations under these terms and conditions.
Severability
If a provision of these terms and conditions is determined by any court or other competent authority to be unlawful and/or unenforceable, the other provisions will continue in effect.  If any unlawful and/or unenforceable provision would be lawful or enforceable if part of it were deleted, that part will be deemed to be deleted, and the rest of the provision will continue in effect.
Entire agreement
These terms and conditions constitute the entire agreement between you and Extreme Exposure in relation to your use of this website, and supersede all previous agreements in respect of your use of this website.
------------------------------------
Privacy Policy
Personal identification information
We may collect personal identification information from Users in a variety of ways, including, but not limited to, when Users visit our site, register on the siteplace an order and in connection with other activities, services, features or resources we make available on our Site. Users may be asked for, as appropriate, name, email address, mailing address, phone number, credit card information,
Users may, however, visit our Site anonymously.
We will collect personal identification information from Users only if they voluntarily submit such information to us. Users can always refuse to supply personally identification information, except that it may prevent them from engaging in certain Site related activities.
Non-personal identification information
We may collect non-personal identification information about Users whenever they interact with our Site. Non-personal identification information may include the browser name, the type of computer and technical information about Users means of connection to our Site, such as the operating system and the Internet service providers utilized and other similar information.
Web browser cookies
Our Site may use "cookies" to enhance User experience. User's web browser places cookies on their hard drive for record-keeping purposes and sometimes to track information about them. User may choose to set their web browser to refuse cookies, or to alert you when cookies are being sent. If they do so, note that some parts of the Site may not function properly.
How we use collected information
Extreme Exposure LLC collects and uses Users personal information for the following purposes:
To improve customer serviceYour information helps us to more effectively respond to your customer service requests and support needs.
To personalize user experienceWe may use information in the aggregate to understand how our Users as a group use the services and resources provided on our Site.
To improve our SiteWe continually strive to improve our website offerings based on the information and feedback we receive from you.
To process transactionsWe may use the information Users provide about themselves when placing an order only to provide service to that order. We do not share this information with outside parties except to the extent necessary to provide the service.
To administer a content, promotion, survey or other Site featureTo send Users information they agreed to receive about topics we think will be of interest to them.
To send periodic emailsThe email address Users provide for order processing, will only be used to send them information and updates pertaining to their order. It may also be used to respond to their inquiries, and/or other requests or questions. If User decides to opt-in to our mailing list, they will receive emails that may include company news, updates, related product or service information, etc. If at any time the User would like to unsubscribe from receiving future emails, we include detailed unsubscribe instructions at the bottom of each email or User may contact us via our Site.
How we protect your information
We adopt appropriate data collection, storage and processing practices and security measures to protect against unauthorized access, alteration, disclosure or destruction of your personal information, username, password, transaction information and data stored on our Site.
Sensitive and private data exchange between the Site and its Users happens over a SSL secured communication channel and is encrypted and protected with digital signatures.
Sharing your personal information
We do not sell, trade, or rent Users personal identification information to others. We may share generic aggregated demographic information not linked to any personal identification information regarding visitors and users with our business partners, trusted affiliates and advertisers for the purposes outlined above.We may use third party service providers to help us operate our business and the Site or administer activities on our behalf, such as sending out newsletters or surveys. We may share your information with these third parties for those limited purposes provided that you have given us your permission.
Third party websites
Users may find advertising or other content on our Site that link to the sites and services of our partners, suppliers, advertisers, sponsors, licensors and other third parties. We do not control the content or links that appear on these sites and are not responsible for the practices employed by websites linked to or from our Site. In addition, these sites or services, including their content and links, may be constantly changing. These sites and services may have their own privacy policies and customer service policies. Browsing and interaction on any other website, including websites which have a link to our Site, is subject to that website\'s own terms and policies.
Changes to this privacy policy
Extreme Exposure LLC has the discretion to update this privacy policy at any time. When we do, revise the updated date at the bottom of this page,. We encourage Users to frequently check this page for any changes to stay informed about how we are helping to protect the personal information we collect. You acknowledge and agree that it is your responsibility to review this privacy policy periodically and become aware of modifications.
Your acceptance of these terms
By using this Site, you signify your acceptance of this policy and terms of service. If you do not agree to this policy, please do not use our Site. Your continued use of the Site following the posting of changes to this policy will be deemed your acceptance of those changes.
Contacting us
If you have any questions about this Privacy Policy, the practices of this site, or your dealings with this site, please contact us at:
Extreme Exposure LLC
www.extreme-exposure.com
18481 High Springs Main Street, High Springs, Fl 32643
386-454-8158
info@extreme-exposure.com
×
OK
Sign Up For Our Newsletter
Email Address