http://www.peakperformancenutrients.com/terms-conditions
Cart
0
Sign In
My Account
Products
Testimonials
Where to Buy
Contact Us
Blog
Back
Journal Reviews
Terms & Conditions of UseTerms and Conditions: Using the Peak Performance Nutrients, Inc. website by way of accessing, browsing, buying, or any other means is a legal agreement to the policies, terms and conditions of the Peak Performance Nutrients, Inc. website (shown below). Additionally, accessing the site is an agreement to comply with all applicable domestic and international laws and regulations, including U.S. export and re-export control regulations. By using the Peak Performance Nutrients, Inc. website the user agrees to these terms. If the user does not agree to these terms, they should not use the Peak Performance Nutrients, Inc. website. Peak Performance Nutrients, Inc. products, prices, availability and rebates may vary from store to store.Return Policy: At Peak Performance Nutrients we have a 100% Customer Satisfaction Guarantee, and we’ll make sure you are cared for to the highest standard. Our customers are the most important part of Peak Performance Nutrients and our team will do whatever it takes to ensure our supplements deliver the right results. If you're not 100% satisfied, contact us within 30 days of purchase at 800-944-1984 for a replacement or refund of any 2 lb or less size product. Customer Information, Comments and Feedback: Peak Performance Nutrients, Inc. does not rent, sell or otherwise forward customer names to other companies. Please see the Peak Performance Nutrients, Inc. Privacy Statement for more information about customer confidentiality. Comments or ideas transmitted to the Peak Performance Nutrients, Inc. website become the sole property of Peak Performance Nutrients, Inc. and may be shared to expand or improve the functionality of the website or of Peak Performance Nutrients, Inc. product or service offerings for any other reason.Paying by Credit Card: Peak Performance Nutrients, Inc. accepts Visa, Mastercard, and American Express. Please see the Peak Performance Nutrients, Inc. Privacy Statement for more information about credit card safety and security.Shipping Within the Continental United States: Freight charges include prepaid insurance should packages be lost or damaged. If a package is lost or damaged, please contact our office at 800.944.1984/561.266.1038.Shipping Outside the Continental United States: Peak Performance Nutrients, Inc. will ship internationally, unless shipments are restricted by local regulations or laws. Peak Performance Nutrients, Inc. will promptly send an e-mail to a customer to both confirm the order and provide shipping charges. Please note that all customs clearing, duties and taxes are not included in the freight calculation and are the responsibility of the customer.Export: To comply with certain agreements and government regulations, Peak Performance Nutrients, Inc. reserves the right to refuse to export products from the United States at any time. By purchasing products for export, the purchaser is responsible for the necessary export documentation before shipment is made to a foreign country.Signature: For customer protection, all shipments require a signature at the point of delivery.Online Pricing, Specification & Availability: Prices, specifications and availability of products are subject to change without notice. Some descriptions may not reflect current information and any typographical, photograph or specification error in product, pricing or offers is subject to correction. Although internet orders generate an automatic confirmation and response e-mail, Peak Performance Nutrients, Inc. may change its pricing, product description or specification after any order confirmation or response e-mail but prior to shipment due to errors, changing market conditions, product discontinuation or unavailability, typographical errors, or any other reason. The customer will be notified in the event of any corrections or changes and ask for your approval before the order is completed. Peak Performance Nutrients, Inc. will not complete your order until we have customer approval. Peak Performance Nutrients, Inc. reserves the right to limit sales, including the right to prohibit sales to resellers, even after we have received and confirmed an order. Published prices do not include shipping, sales tax or insurance. Proof of purchase and postage may be required for rebates.Links to Third Party Sites: The links to third party sites will let you leave the Peak performance Nutrients, Inc. website and are not under the control of Peak Performance Nutrients, Inc. Peak Performance Nutrients, Inc. is not responsible for the contents of any linked site or any link contained in a linked site or any changes or updates to such sites. Peak Performance Nutrients, Inc. is providing these links to you only as a convenience, and the inclusion of any link does not imply endorsement of Peak Performance Nutrients, Inc.Disclaimer of Warranty, Title to Goods: PEAK PERFORMANCE NUTRIENTS, INC. HEREBY EXPRESSLY DISCLAIMS ALL WARRANTIES, EITHER EXPRESSED OR IMPLIED, INCLUDING ANY IMPLIED WARRANTY OF MERCHANTABILITY, FITNESS FOR A PARTICULAR PURPOSE. This disclaimer in no way affects the term of any manufacturer's warranty. The title to purchase goods is retained by Peak Performance Nutrients, Inc. until goods are paid for by the purchaser.Disclaimer of Warranty for Website: Peak Performance Nutrients, Inc. provides this site and its contents on an "AS IS" basis and makes no warranty or representation, either expressed or implied, including the warranties of merchantability, fitness for a particular purpose, and non-infingement.No Consequential Damages: In no event shall Peak Performance Nutrients, Inc. or its subsidiaries or affiliates, or their respective officers, directors, employees, representatives or agents (collectively: "Peak Peak Performance Nutrients, Inc.) be liable for special, incidental, consequential, punitive, indirect, or other special damages, including but not limited to, loss of data, use, or profits, however caused, whether for breach of contract, negligence, or otherwise, and whether or not Peak Performance Nutrients, Inc. has been advised of the possibility of any such damages.Revisions to These Terms and Conditions: Peak Performance Nutrients, Inc. may revise these terms and conditions at any time by updating the Peak Performance Nutrients, Inc. website. These terms and conditions are governed and construed by the laws (but not the rules governing conflicts of law) of the State of Florida. You agree that if any part of these terms and conditions are found to be unenforceable, the remainer of these terms and conditions will remain in full force and effect.Trademarks and Service Marks: Peak Performance Nutrients, Inc. and all brands presented on the website are registered trademarks. All other trademarks are the property of their respective companies. Nothing on this site should be construed as granting, by implication, estoppel, or otherwise, any license or right to use any trademark displayed on this site, without the written permission of the trademark owner.Limitation: The links to third party sites will let you leave the Peak performance Nutrients, Inc. website and are not under the control of Peak Performance Nutrients, Inc.Limitation of Liability: IN NO EVENT SHALL PEAK PERFORMANCE NUTRIENTS, INC., AFFILIATES, OFFICERS, DIRECTORS, EMPLOYEES, REPRESENTATIVES, OR AGENTS (THE "PARTIES") BE LIABLE FOR DIRECT, SPECIAL, INCIDENTAL, CONSEQUENTIAL, PUNITIVE, OR INDIRECT DAMAGES (INCLUDING BUT NOT LIMITED TO, LOSS OF DATA, USE, OR PROFITS), HOWEVER CAUSED, WHETHER FOR BREACH OF CONTRACT, NEGLIGENCE, OR OTHERWISE, AND WHETHER OR NOT PEAK PERFORMANCE NUTRIENTS, INC. HAS BEEN ADVISED OF THE POSSIBILITY OF ANY SUCH DAMAGES. USERS AGREE THAT THE PARTIES MAXIMUM LIABILITY ARISING FROM ANY PRODUCT SOLD BY PEAK PERFORMANCE NUTRIENTS, INC. SHALL NOT EXCEED THE PRICE OF SUCH PRODUCT. SOME JURISDICTIONS DO NOT ALLOW THE LIMITATION OF EXCLUSION OF LIABILITY FOR CERTAIN DAMAGES SO THE ABOVE LIMITATIONS AND EXCLUSIONS MAY NOT APPLY TO THE EXTENT SUCH JURISDICTIONS LAW IS APPLICABLE TO THIS AGREEMENT.Governing Law, Miscellaneous: Peak Performance Nutrients, Inc. may revise these terms and conditions at any time by updating the Peak Performance Nutrients. Inc. website. By using the site, users agree to be bound by these terms and by any revisions. These terms and conditions are governed and construed by the laws (but not the rules governing conflicts of law) of the state of Florida. Venue and jurisdiction for all disputes will lie in Palm Beach County, Florida. Users agree that if any part of these terms and conditions are found to be unenforceable, the remainder of these terms and conditions will remain in full force and effect.Copyright Notice: All content on the Web Site is the property of and copyrighted by Peak Performance Nutrients or its content suppliers and protected by U.S. and international copyright laws. All software used on this site is the property of Peak Performance Nutrients or its suppliers and protected by U.S. and international copyright laws. Users of this site may use the content and software on this site as a shopping resource. Any other use, including the reproduction, modification, distribution, transmission, republication, display or performance of the content on this site is strictly prohibited.