http://www.lampsplus.com/help-and-policies/ccpa/
Skip to main content
Skip to footer
Free Shipping on Most Orders*
Stores
Locate a Store
Find
View All Stores
Inspiration
Room Inspiration
Ideas & Advice
Lighting Catalog
Sign In
Contact Us
800-782-1967
|
Open Box
|Search with photoUpload
Saved
Wish List
()
Saved Rooms
()
Cart
Need Help? 800-782-1967
Chandeliers
Chandeliers >
All Chandeliers
Modern Chandeliers
Crystal Chandeliers
Kitchen Island Lights
Farmhouse Chandeliers
Mini Chandeliers
Dining - Living Room
Entryway
Pendant Lighting >
All Pendants
Mini Pendants
Kitchen Pendants
Pendant Chandeliers
Design Your Own Pendant Light
Light Bulbs >
All Light Bulbs
More To Consider
Chandelier Shades
Lighting Fixtures
Pool Table Lights
Ceiling Medallions
Dimmers & Controls
Lighting Collections
Ceiling Lights
Close to Ceiling Lights >
All Close to Ceiling Lights
Flushmount
Semi-Flushmount
Pendant Lighting >
All Pendant Lights
Mini-Pendants
Swag Lights
Kitchen Pendants
Track Lighting >
All Track Lighting
Complete Track Kits
Monorail Systems
Recessed Lighting >
All Recessed Lighting
Chandeliers >
All Chandeliers
More To Consider
Kitchen Lighting
Dimmers and Controls
Light Bulbs
Lighting Collections
Table & Floor Lamps
Table Lamps >
All Table Lamps
Table Lamp Sets
Tiffany Style Table Lamps
Art Shade Table Lamps
Desk Lamps >
All Desk Lamps
Task Lighting
LED Desk Lamps
Swing Arm
Floor Lamps >
All Floor Lamps
Task Floor Lamps
Torchieres
Arc Lamps
Swing Arm Floor Lamps
Floor Lamps with Tables
Art Shade Floor Lamps
Lamp Shades >
All Lamp Shades
Art Shades
Up Lights - Clip Lights >
All Up - Clip Lights
More To Consider
Color Plus Lighting
Custom Photo Lighting
Novelty Lamps
Lighting Accessories
Dimmer Switches
Light Bulbs
Wall Lights
Bathroom Vanity Lighting >
All Bathroom Vanity Lights
Under Cabinet Lights >
All Under Cabinet Lights
Picture Lights >
All Picture Lights
Sconces >
All Sconces
Wall Lamps >
All Wall Lamps
Swing Arm Lamps
Art Shade Wall Lamps
More To Consider
Wall Mirrors
Bathroom Vanities
Night Lights
Lighting Accessories
Glass Shades
Dimmers and Controls
Light Bulbs
Outdoor Lights
Outdoor Lighting >
All Outdoor Lights
Wall Lights
Post Lights
LED Outdoor Lighting
Hanging Lights
Ceiling Lights
Party & String Lights
Landscape Lighting >
All Landscape Lighting
LED Landscape Lights
Path Lighting
Solar Landscape Lights
Landscape Lighting Kits
Outdoor Security Lighting >
All Security Lights
Motion Sensor Lights
More For Outdoor
Outdoor Fountains
Outdoor Furniture
Barbeque Lights
Fire Pits
Ceiling Fans
Ceiling Fans >
All Ceiling Fans
Ceiling Fans with Lights
Ceiling Fans without Lights
Outdoor Ceiling Fans
Hugger - Flush Mount
Large Ceiling Fans
More To Consider
Fan Light Kits
Glass Shades for Fans
Bathroom Exhaust Fans
Desk and Floor Fans
Furniture
Seating >
All Seating
Barstools
Sofas
Sectionals
Accent Chairs
Dining Chairs
Office Chairs
Recliners
Ottomans
Tables >
All Tables
Accent Tables
Sofa - Console Tables
Dining Tables
Coffee Tables
Desks
Beds >
All Beds
Headboards
Cabinets & Chests
>
All Cabinets & Chests
Chests
Bathroom Vanities
Entertainment Centers
Mirrored Furniture
Outdoor Furniture >
Outdoor Furniture Sets
Outdoor Seating
Outdoor Tables
Outdoor Benches
Fire Pits & Fire Tables
Furniture By Room
Living - Family Room
Bedroom Furniture
Dining Room
Kitchen
Bathroom
Home Office
Mirrors & Décor
Mirrors >
Wall Mirrors
Vanity Mirrors
Wall Art - Wall Décor >
Prints
Canvas and Giclee Prints
Metal Wall Art
Sculptures >
Indoor Sculptures
Outdoor Sculptures
Home Accessories >
Clocks
Candleholders
Vases
Floral
Frames
Fountains >
Indoor Fountains
Outdoor Fountains
Pillows & Textiles >
Decorative Pillows
Decorative Throws
Area Rugs >
All Area Rugs
Fire Pits >
All Fire Pits
More Décor
Bed and Bath
Outdoor Décor
Dining & Entertaining
Sale
Sale
Daily Sales
Clearance
Open Box
Image Search
Search for an item using a photo!
Start
Try Again
Lamps Plus
/
Help, Policies & FAQ
/
CCPA Policy
Do Not Sell My Personal Information
Your California Consumer Privacy Act of 2018 Rights
Lamps Plus takes your privacy very seriously. As part of our privacy policy, we follow the California Consumer Privacy Act of 2018 (CCPA), a new law that gives rights to California state residents, known as 'consumers'. For more information read the CCPA law, or visit the State of California Department of Justice website.
Under the CCPA, a 'sale' means providing a third-party personal information for valuable consideration without accounting for the data's safe harbor.
'Safe Harbor', means that the third-party guarantees safe practices of using personal information and will not store, collect, or use your personal data for any purpose beyond fulfilling the obligations of the contract with Lamps Plus. 'Sale' does not mean money was exchanged for the data, instead it includes the sharing and disclosure of personal information. We have taken extensive steps to identify whether any of our personal information sharing arrangements would constitute a 'sale' under the CCPA. Due to the complexities and ambiguities in the CCPA, we will continue to evaluate some of our third-party relationships as we wait for final implementing regulations and guidance. For example, it is currently unclear whether the use of certain types of advertising partners would be considered a sale under the CCPA.
Requesting Information
The CCPA gives consumers the right to request the disclosure of any or all of their personal information collected and shared in the previous twelve months before the time of request. The CCPA also grants consumers the right to delete information and opt-out of the sharing of information with third-party marketers. Taking such action will not have any discriminatory impact on any past, present, or future interaction or business transaction with Lamps Plus, such as pricing, or denial of services or requests.
Please note that if you request information be deleted for the previous twelve months from the time of request, as specified in the law, your order-transactional information about you will still be retained so that we can provide services such as shipping your order, fulfilling warranties, maintaining an order history for your reference, or retaining information in cases of fraud, defense and prosecution.
We will acknowledge a CCPA request within 10 days, and respond to your request within 45 days. If that is not possible due to the complexity or number of requests, we will inform you of any delays.
Note that CCPA requests require sufficient identity verification. In order to identify your records and correspond with you, we require that you provide your Email Address and Phone Number.
If, after a request for information or deletion of information, our records do not contain sufficient information to verify your identity, we may not be able to process your request and will let you know accordingly. Depending on the type of request, we might require that you confirm the request by verifying the associated email address.
To submit your CCPA request, click here and fill out the form. You may also call us, toll-free, at 844-503-1057.
About the Information We Collect
Additional information about the personal information we collect is listed below. We may "sell" (as sell is defined in CCPA) the following categories of personal information:
Identifiers, Select Information in Customer Records, Geolocation, or Commercial Purchasing information
Internet or Network Activity
Inferences from the above used to profile
Characteristics of protected classifications under California or federal law
1. Identifiers, Select Information in Customer Records, Geolocation, or Commercial Purchasing Information
This includes information such as Names, Postal Address, IP Address, Email Address, Account Name, etc.
Why do we collect this type of information?
ORDERING: When you order a product from us, we use your information to provide and deliver products and services, process and complete your transactions, send you information such as purchase confirmations, invoices, updates, security alerts, recall notices, and support and administrative messages. We will also retain a record of your purchase history for your review.
COMMUNICATIONS: We will respond to your comments and questions. We will also communicate with you about Company and partner products, services, offers, promotions, news, upcoming events, and other information we think will be of interest to you. If you have joined our email list, we will send you email campaigns. If you request information from our sales or customer service teams, we may communicate product information to you. We may also contact you if you have left feedback on our products, site, stores, or services.
SECURITY: We may also use your information to investigate and prevent fraudulent transactions and other illegal activities, including credit card fraud and disputes, or to review/process/defend claims.
Source of the Personal Information
Directly from the Consumer
Categories of Third-Parties That Whom Share/"Sell" Your Personal Information
Advertising networks, social network advertising initiatives, government entities, operating systems and platforms, legal compliance providers, third party administrators, order fulfillment providers, delivery and courier providers, payment processing companies, security companies, printing companies, and credit check companies.
2. Internet or Network Activity
This includes information such as Cookies, Browse History, Search History, etc.
Why do we collect this type of information?
We use it to conduct email campaigns, deliver and enhance emails, websites, or other online communication, receive feedback from our site, obtain marketing information, monitor and analyze trends, usage, and activities. And we use the information to provide, maintain, and improve the Service or our overall business. We may also use this collected information to investigate and prevent fraudulent transactions and other illegal activities. Click here to read more about our use of Cookies.
Source of the Personal Information
Consumers directly, social networks, advertising networks, data analytics providers, and operating systems and platforms.
Categories of Third-Parties That Whom Share/"Sell" Your Personal Information
Advertising networks, data analytics providers, operating systems and platforms, social network advertising initiatives, and security companies.
3. Inferences From the Above Used to Profile You
This profile is used to deliver you Targeted Relevant Ads, Personalized Information or Product Selections, etc.
Why do we collect this type of information?
We sometimes use third-party advertisers or advertising networks with which we have agreements to deliver relevant personalized advertising and content to you. We may also use profiles to deliver customized information to you when you visit our website, including displays of products and services that may be of interest to you. If you have provided third-parties with access to your device location, our mobile advertising partners may use your location to target advertisements to you. You can use the location features on your device to disable this targeting.
Source of the Personal Information
Consumers directly, social networks, advertising networks, data analytics providers, and operating systems and platforms.
Categories of Third-Parties That Whom Share/"Sell" Your Personal Information
Advertising networks, social network advertising initiatives, data analytics providers, government entities, operating systems and platforms, legal compliance providers, third party administrators, order fulfillment providers, delivery and courier providers, payment processing companies, security companies, printing companies, and credit check companies.
4. Characteristics of Protected Classifications Under California or Federal Law
This includes information such as gender
Why do we collect this type of information?
We use third-parties that may combine the data you provide to us along with their own data and other publicly available information that may include some of the characteristics noted above. We sometimes use third-party advertisers or advertising networks to deliver relevant personalized advertising and content to you. We may also use profiles to deliver customized information to you when you visit our website, including displays of products and services that may be of interest to you.
Source of the Personal Information
Consumers directly, social networks, advertising networks, data analytics providers, and operating systems and platforms.
Categories of Third-Parties That Whom Share/"Sell" Your Personal Information
Advertising networks, social network advertising initiatives, data analytics providers, government entities, operating systems and platforms, legal compliance providers, third party administrators, order fulfillment providers, delivery and courier providers, payment processing companies, security companies, printing companies, and credit check companies.
Policy Changes
If we decide to change our policy in whole or in part, we will inform you by posting a notice on our websites. The new policy will apply to all current and past users of our websites and will replace any prior policies. This policy was last updated in July of 2020.
Help, Policies & FAQs
California Consumer Privacy Act (CCPA)
Disclosure on Transparency in Supply Chains
Frequently Asked Questions (FAQs)
How to Shop Lamps Plus
Lamps Plus Pros Info
Lamp Plus Hospitality Info
About Hospitality Grade
Lamps Plus Rewards
Our 120% Price Protection Policy
Pricing & Product Information
Return Policy
Sale Terms & Conditions
Shipping and Delivery
Blanket Wrap Delivery
Gold White Glove Delivery
Howard Miller Delivery Service
Silver White Glove Delivery
Threshold Delivery
Terms of Use
Your Privacy and Security
Accessibility
View All
Our Company
About Lamps Plus
Contact Us
Trade Program
Careers
Privacy Policy
Our Stores
Store Locator
Curbside Pickup
Lighting Design Services
New Homeowner Savings
Help
Customer Service
Order Status
FAQs
Return Policy
Shipping Information
Resources
Ideas and Advice
Catalogs
Manage Account
Accessibility
Rate Us
Stay Connected
Great deals & inspiration to your inbox!
#MYLAMPSPLUS
Pinterest
Instagram
Facebook
Twitter
Houzz
Youtube
800-782-1967
Email Us
Discount Pricing for the Trade
Contract Lighting for Hotels & More
The Nation’s Largest Lighting Retailer
© 2020 Lamps Plus, Inc. All rights reserved.
Terms of Use
Site Map
California Residents: Do Not Sell My Info. See our policy. | CA Transparency Act
*Free Shipping applies only to orders shipping to the 48 contiguous United States that qualify and meet the minimum purchase requirement; standard shipping only and select products excluded, including freight, oversized items and Open Box items. Free Returns applies only to orders shipped to the 48 contiguous United States and is valid on select items; does not apply to freight, Daily Sale, designs with Giclee art shades, Color Plus and Tiffany Color Plus brand items, Open Box items, or certain items with designer shades.
Free Shipping on Most Orders
Only $5.00 shipping on orders $49.00 and under.
Plus Free Returns on 1,000s of Products
Terms & Conditions apply