http://www.lampsplus.com/help-and-policies/your-privacy-and-security/
Skip to main content
Skip to footer
Free Shipping on Most Orders*
Stores
Locate a Store
Find
View All Stores
Inspiration
Room Inspiration
Ideas & Advice
Lighting Catalog
Sign In
Contact Us
800-782-1967
|
Open Box
|Search with photoUpload
Saved
Wish List
()
Saved Rooms
()
Cart
Need Help? 800-782-1967
Chandeliers
Chandeliers >
All Chandeliers
Modern Chandeliers
Crystal Chandeliers
Kitchen Island Lights
Farmhouse Chandeliers
Mini Chandeliers
Dining - Living Room
Entryway
Pendant Lighting >
All Pendants
Mini Pendants
Kitchen Pendants
Pendant Chandeliers
Design Your Own Pendant Light
Light Bulbs >
All Light Bulbs
More To Consider
Chandelier Shades
Lighting Fixtures
Pool Table Lights
Ceiling Medallions
Dimmers & Controls
Lighting Collections
Ceiling Lights
Close to Ceiling Lights >
All Close to Ceiling Lights
Flushmount
Semi-Flushmount
Pendant Lighting >
All Pendant Lights
Mini-Pendants
Swag Lights
Kitchen Pendants
Track Lighting >
All Track Lighting
Complete Track Kits
Monorail Systems
Recessed Lighting >
All Recessed Lighting
Chandeliers >
All Chandeliers
More To Consider
Kitchen Lighting
Dimmers and Controls
Light Bulbs
Lighting Collections
Table & Floor Lamps
Table Lamps >
All Table Lamps
Table Lamp Sets
Tiffany Style Table Lamps
Art Shade Table Lamps
Desk Lamps >
All Desk Lamps
Task Lighting
LED Desk Lamps
Swing Arm
Floor Lamps >
All Floor Lamps
Task Floor Lamps
Torchieres
Arc Lamps
Swing Arm Floor Lamps
Floor Lamps with Tables
Art Shade Floor Lamps
Lamp Shades >
All Lamp Shades
Art Shades
Up Lights - Clip Lights >
All Up - Clip Lights
More To Consider
Color Plus Lighting
Custom Photo Lighting
Novelty Lamps
Lighting Accessories
Dimmer Switches
Light Bulbs
Wall Lights
Bathroom Vanity Lighting >
All Bathroom Vanity Lights
Under Cabinet Lights >
All Under Cabinet Lights
Picture Lights >
All Picture Lights
Sconces >
All Sconces
Wall Lamps >
All Wall Lamps
Swing Arm Lamps
Art Shade Wall Lamps
More To Consider
Wall Mirrors
Bathroom Vanities
Night Lights
Lighting Accessories
Glass Shades
Dimmers and Controls
Light Bulbs
Outdoor Lights
Outdoor Lighting >
All Outdoor Lights
Wall Lights
Post Lights
LED Outdoor Lighting
Hanging Lights
Ceiling Lights
Party & String Lights
Landscape Lighting >
All Landscape Lighting
LED Landscape Lights
Path Lighting
Solar Landscape Lights
Landscape Lighting Kits
Outdoor Security Lighting >
All Security Lights
Motion Sensor Lights
More For Outdoor
Outdoor Fountains
Outdoor Furniture
Barbeque Lights
Fire Pits
Ceiling Fans
Ceiling Fans >
All Ceiling Fans
Ceiling Fans with Lights
Ceiling Fans without Lights
Outdoor Ceiling Fans
Hugger - Flush Mount
Large Ceiling Fans
More To Consider
Fan Light Kits
Glass Shades for Fans
Bathroom Exhaust Fans
Desk and Floor Fans
Furniture
Seating >
All Seating
Barstools
Sofas
Sectionals
Accent Chairs
Dining Chairs
Office Chairs
Recliners
Ottomans
Tables >
All Tables
Accent Tables
Sofa - Console Tables
Dining Tables
Coffee Tables
Desks
Beds >
All Beds
Headboards
Cabinets & Chests
>
All Cabinets & Chests
Chests
Bathroom Vanities
Entertainment Centers
Mirrored Furniture
Outdoor Furniture >
Outdoor Furniture Sets
Outdoor Seating
Outdoor Tables
Outdoor Benches
Fire Pits & Fire Tables
Furniture By Room
Living - Family Room
Bedroom Furniture
Dining Room
Kitchen
Bathroom
Home Office
Mirrors & Décor
Mirrors >
Wall Mirrors
Vanity Mirrors
Wall Art - Wall Décor >
Prints
Canvas and Giclee Prints
Metal Wall Art
Sculptures >
Indoor Sculptures
Outdoor Sculptures
Home Accessories >
Clocks
Candleholders
Vases
Floral
Frames
Fountains >
Indoor Fountains
Outdoor Fountains
Pillows & Textiles >
Decorative Pillows
Decorative Throws
Area Rugs >
All Area Rugs
Fire Pits >
All Fire Pits
More Décor
Bed and Bath
Outdoor Décor
Dining & Entertaining
Sale
Sale
Daily Sales
Clearance
Open Box
Image Search
Search for an item using a photo!
Start
Try Again
Lamps Plus
/
Help, Policies & FAQ
/
Your Privacy and Security
Your Privacy and Security
Our Privacy and Security Policies
Our Privacy Policy
Privacy and Email Referrals
Marketing Partnerships
Your California Privacy Rights
Your California Consumer Privacy Act (CCPA) Rights
Canadian Anti-Spam Law
Contests and Promotions
Product and Store Reviews
Security
Fraudulent Charge Protection
Cookies
Opting Out of Our Email List
Opting Out of Our Catalog Mailing List
Protecting Children
Links to Third Party Sites
Policy Changes
Our Privacy Policy
Lamps Plus, Inc. (“Lamps Plus” or “we” or “us”) has created this privacy policy (this "Privacy Policy") in order to demonstrate its commitment to user, visitor, subscriber and customer privacy with regard to the Lamps Plus web site located at LampsPlus.com (the “Website”); LampsPlus.com is known as the “Website.” Privacy on the Website is of great importance to us. Because we gather important information from our users, visitors and customers (collectively “Subscribers” or “you” or “your”), we have established this Privacy Policy as a means to communicate our information gathering and dissemination practices. By accessing the Websites, you acknowledge and agree to this Privacy Policy and also agree to the Terms of Use of the Website located here.
We use the personal information that you provide about yourself for a number of internal purposes, such as confirming your order and maintaining a record of your online product purchases. We also use your personal information to provide you with certain benefits if you enroll in our Lamps Plus Rewards program, and to send you catalogs and information about special promotions. In addition, we may use your personal information to contact you if we have trouble processing your order.
Furthermore, when you join our email list, enter a sweepstakes, or use online services such as our Wish List, you are asked for your email address, name and ZIP/postal code. You may also be asked for a street address and other information. When placing an order on our Websites, we ask you for contact information like name and shipping address, and payment information like credit card number, expiration date, and customer card identification number. Without providing information like this you will be unable to order products on our Websites or use certain online services.
We also may combine the information you give us online, in our stores, or through our catalogs, including personal information about you and your order. We use that combined information to enhance and personalize your online shopping experience with us, to communicate with you both on and offline about our products and events that may be of interest to you. We may track the Internet domain address from which people visit us and look at this data for user trends and statistics. We may also look at your use our online services like joining Lamps Plus Rewards. joining our email list, saving viewed products into an online Wish List, leaving a product review, entering a sweepstakes, or purchasing a product from us online.
We do not share the credit card information you provide to us with anyone other than your credit card provider. However, other information about you may be combined with publicly available information, as well as information we receive from reputable companies we have selected to analyze the data we collect.
Lamps Plus takes your privacy very seriously. As part of our privacy policy, we follow the California Consumer Privacy Act of 2018 (CCPA), a new law that gives rights to California state residents, known as 'consumers'. You can read more about the policy here.
We do reserve the right to disclose your personal information when we have reason to believe that it is necessary to identify, contact or bring legal action against persons or entities that may be causing injury to you, Lamps Plus, Inc. or to others. We may also disclose personal information when we believe the law requires it.
back to top | main help
Marketing Partnerships
We maintain relationships with select business partners whom we have deemed to be trustworthy and responsible and whose privacy policies are aligned with ours. We partner with third parties that collect information across various channels, including offline and online, for purposes of delivering more relevant advertising to you. Our partners use this information to recognize you across different channels and platforms, including but not limited to, computers, mobile devices, and TVs for advertising, analytics, attribution and reporting purposes.
We may share or cross-reference data, including personal information about you and your order (such as name, street address and transactional information, etc.), with our business partners, allowing them to contact you regarding products and/or services that may be of interest to you. We may also share your personal information with any of our subsidiaries.
In addition, when we join with another company to offer or provide services, products, sweepstakes, contests, or promotions, we and the other company may cross-reference our customer databases to identify common customers. We and the other company may use that existing information to identify future promotional opportunities and to fulfill promotional or contractual obligations.
If you prefer that we do not share your name and address with other marketers, please email us at CustomerService@LampsPlus.com.
back to top | main help
Your California Privacy Rights
Lamps Plus complies with Section 1798.83 of the California Civil Code – the "Shine the Light Law."
Under Section 1798.83 of the California Civil Code, residents of California that have an established business relationship with Lamps Plus and that have provided certain personal information to Lamps Plus (“California Consumer”) have the right to request certain information from Lamps Plus. California Consumers may request that Lamps Plus disclose (i) the types of personal information shared with third parties for those third parties’ direct marketing purposes, if any and (ii) the identity of any such third party with whom Lamps Plus has shared personal information, if any, during the previous calendar year.
California Consumers may make one such request each year.
To submit a request for information please email Lamps Plus at CustomerService@LampsPlus.com. Please include "Request for California Privacy Information" in the subject line and in the body of your email. Lamps Plus will respond with the requested information, if any, to the email.
back to top | main help
Your California Consumer Privacy Act (CCPA) Rights
The California Consumer Privacy Act (CCPA) is a new law that gives various rights to California state residents. CCPA gives residents the right to request the disclosure of any or all personal information held on you for the previous twelve months from the time of request, and the right to delete information and opt-out of the sharing of information with third-party marketers. To read our full policy and request information, click here.
back to top | main help
Canadian Anti-Spam Law (CASL)
CASL applies to commercial electronic messages (CEMs) of all types (i.e., email, texts, sound, voice or image messages) meant to encourage participation in a commercial activity (e.g., offer to purchase a product, advertise or promote a product). Its key feature requires organizations that send CEMs within, from, or to Canada to receive consent from you the consumer before sending messages. Consent can be obtained either explicitly or implicitly. Examples of explicit consent include but are not limited to signing up for our mailing list online, entering sweepstakes and contests, and information requests made via one of our online services. Implied consent stems from either the purchase of a product or inquiry about a product; implied consent is considered valid for 24 months following the purchase of a product, and 6 months following an inquiry about a product.
If you are on our commercial electronic messages mailing list, you may unsubscribe from it at any time. Unsubscribe instructions are included with each of our emails. You may also visit our online email page and unsubscribe. If you choose to unsubscribe, your address will be removed in no more than 10 business days. Please allow 5 days for us to remove your email address from any future mailings. Please note that should you order from us in the future, you will still receive order and shipping confirmations from us via email.
back to top | main help
Contests and Promotions
When we offer contests and promotions, or join with other companies to do so, customers who choose to participate in those contests and promotions may be asked to provide personal information to participate. That information may then be used by us and any company offering the contest or promotion to notify winners or to fulfill promotional obligations.
back to top | main help
Product and Store Reviews
At this time, we are only able to display and accommodate product and store reviews written by customers on LampsPlus.com. When you leave a product review on LampsPlus.com, the information you provide about yourself, including your email address, is collected for us by a third party vendor. Customer comments are reviewed both by our third party vendor and by Lamps Plus. Any personal information collected in the product review process, including email addresses, is covered by our Lamps Plus privacy policy as outlined here and by our Terms of Use policy. Reviews are posted on LampsPlus.com at our discretion. When a product review is submitted on this web site, you grant Lamps Plus and its affiliates a nonexclusive, royalty-free, perpetual, irrevocable, and fully sublicensable right to use, reproduce, modify, adapt, publish, translate, create derivative works from, distribute, and display such content throughout the world in any media.
When you leave a store review on our site, the review may be posted on LampsPlus.com or shared on social media sites at our discretion. You grant Lamps Plus and its affiliates a nonexclusive, royalty-free, perpetual, irrevocable, and fully sublicensable right to use, reproduce, modify, adapt, publish, translate, create derivative works from, distribute, and display such content throughout the world in any media.
This policy covers information collected on visitors to the LampsPlus.com site through the process of ordering products, joining our email lists, submitting product reviews and using our online services, as well as information collected through Lamps Plus retail stores.
back to top | main help
Privacy and Email Referrals
The above rules and code of conduct applies to emails that you provide us in the course of using one of our "email to a friend" utilities or "refer a friend" promotions. We will send the requested information to the specified third party, who then has the option of not receiving further communications from us. When using these utilities, you agree to only submit email addresses for those with whom you have an established personal or family relationship.
back to top | main help
Security
At Lamps Plus, we understand your concerns about security and privacy. We protect the sensitive information you give us, such as credit card numbers, by using Secure Sockets Layer (SSL) software, which encrypts the information you share with us. This process makes it statistically much safer to shop with us than to use your card in a restaurant or store. This encryption applies to users viewing our site using up-to-date, modern browsers such as Microsoft Internet Explorer, Firefox, Safari or Chrome.
back to top | main help
Fraudulent Charge Protection
Lamps Plus offers a "Safe Shopping Guarantee." If a third party obtains your personal information from a purchase made with Lamps Plus and uses that information to perpetrate credit card fraud, you are protected. Under the Fair Credit Billing Act, your bank may hold shoppers in the United States liable for up to $50 USD of fraudulent charges. If your bank holds you liable for any portion of the $50 USD, Lamps Plus will cover up to the entire $50 USD. For Canadian customers, by law, if your credit card is issued by a federally regulated financial institution (FRFI), your card agreement will explain your maximum liability (no more than $50 CAD) if your credit card is lost, stolen or used for an unauthorized purchase.
Lamps Plus will cover this liability if the unauthorized use resulted through no fault of yours from a purchase made on the Lamps Plus secure server. In the event of unauthorized use of your credit card, you must notify your credit card company in accordance with its reporting rules and procedures.
back to top | main help
Cookies
Like many other online retailers, Lamps Plus uses a technology called "cookies". A cookie is a small bit of data that is sent to your browser and stored on your computer's hard drive that we use to help us retrieve data you may have stored with us. For example, in our "Wish List" section, we use cookies to help us retrieve the lighting products that you have saved in these areas. The "Help" portion on the toolbar of most browsers will tell you how to delete your computer's cookies or how to prevent your browser from accepting new cookies. However, cookies allow you to take full advantage of the Lamps Plus website, and we recommend that you leave the feature turned on.
Lamps Plus may occasionally use third-party advertising companies to serve ads on our behalf. These companies may employ cookies and action tags (also known as single pixel gifs or web beacons) to measure advertising effectiveness. Any information that these third parties collect via cookies and action tags is completely anonymous and is not relatable to you. These third parties are prohibited by our contract with them from sharing that information with anyone other than us or our advertising service providers. However, Lamps Plus respects your privacy and your right to choose whether to be included in such services. If you would like more information or would like to learn about your ability to unsubscribe of this type of practice, please visit the Network Advertising Initiative by clicking here. If you choose to unsubscribe, an "unsubscribe cookie" will be placed on your computer. If the cookie is removed or deleted, if you upgrade your browser or if you visit us from a different computer, you will need to return to the link above to re-select your preferences.
Notwithstanding any other provision, we partner with third parties that collect information across various channels, including offline and online, for purposes of delivering more relevant advertising to you. Our partners may place or recognize a cookie on your computer, device, or directly in our emails/communications, and we may share personal information with them if you have submitted such information to us, such as your name, postal address, email address, or device ID. Our partners may link the nonpersonal information we share with them to the cookie stored on your browser or device, and they may collect information such as your IP address, browser or operating system type and version, and demographic or inferred-interest information. Our partners use this information to recognize you across different channels and platforms over time for advertising, analytics, attribution, and reporting purposes. To learn more about interest-based advertising in general and to opt out, please visit http://www.aboutads.info/choices.
back to top | main help
Unsubscribing From Our Email List
If you've joined our email list, you may unsubscribe of it at any time. Please visit the Lamps Plus Email page and follow the on-screen directions, or you may call 800-782-1967 (US and abroad, except Canada) or 888-235-7657. Unsubscribe instructions are also included with each Lamps Plus email.
If you choose to unsubscribe from one of our email Lists, CAN-SPAM and CASL legislation stipulates that your address be removed within 10 business days. Please allow 5 days for us to remove your email address from any future mailings.
Please note that should you order from us in the future, you will receive order and shipping confirmations via email.
If you choose to remove your email address from our mailing list, Lamps Plus, in compliance with the CAN-SPAM and CASL legislation, may occasionally supply a list of removed email addresses to our advertising partners. This is done to ensure that those email addresses do not receive new advertising offers from us through our advertising partners.
back to top | main help
Unsubscribing From Our Catalog Mailing List
If you purchase something from us using a US mailing address, we may occasionally send you a printed catalog through the mail. If you prefer not to receive our catalog, cancel at any time by emailing us at CatalogService@LampsPlus.com with "Remove" as the subject line and your name and address in the body of the message, or you may call 800-782-1967. Your name will be removed from our mailing list within two weeks of your request. Due to the nature of catalog mailing preparation, however, you may receive mailed catalogs up to 90 days after your request.
back to top | main help
Unsubscribing From Marketing Partnerships
If you prefer that we do not share your name and address with other marketers, please email us at CustomerService@LampsPlus.com.
back to top | main help
Protecting Children
We take special care to protect the safety and privacy of children. Our site is for general audiences and we do not permit children under the age of 18 to purchase products. If you are under 18 you may purchase from LampsPlus.com only with the involvement of a parent or guardian. However, Lamps Plus does not wish to collect any personal information (or any information at all) from any persons under 13 years old. If you are under 13 years old, you may not use the Websites.
back to top | main help
Links to Third Party Sites
The LampsPlus.com site may contain links or frames to other websites owned and operated by different companies over which we have no control. Privacy policies on these sites may be different from our own. We advise you to read the posted privacy policy of these sites before divulging any personal information.
back to top | main help
Policy Changes
If we decide to change our policy in whole or in part, we will inform you by posting a notice on our websites. The new policy will apply to all current and past users of our websites and will replace any prior policies. This policy was last updated in January of 2020.
back to top | main help
Additional Information
This Policy is part of the Terms of Use of the Websites and any use of the Websites is governed by those Terms of Use. Questions regarding this Policy or the practices of the Websites should be directed to Lamps Plus’ Administrator by emailing us or by certified mail addressed to the following: Lamps Plus Customer Relations, 20250 Plummer Street, Chatsworth, CA 91311.
back to top | main help
Help, Policies & FAQs
California Consumer Privacy Act (CCPA)
Disclosure on Transparency in Supply Chains
Frequently Asked Questions (FAQs)
How to Shop Lamps Plus
Lamps Plus Pros Info
Lamp Plus Hospitality Info
About Hospitality Grade
Lamps Plus Rewards
Our 120% Price Protection Policy
Pricing & Product Information
Return Policy
Sale Terms & Conditions
Shipping and Delivery
Blanket Wrap Delivery
Gold White Glove Delivery
Howard Miller Delivery Service
Silver White Glove Delivery
Threshold Delivery
Terms of Use
Your Privacy and Security
Accessibility
View All
Our Company
About Lamps Plus
Contact Us
Trade Program
Careers
Privacy Policy
Our Stores
Store Locator
Curbside Pickup
Lighting Design Services
New Homeowner Savings
Help
Customer Service
Order Status
FAQs
Return Policy
Shipping Information
Resources
Ideas and Advice
Catalogs
Manage Account
Accessibility
Rate Us
Stay Connected
Great deals & inspiration to your inbox!
#MYLAMPSPLUS
Pinterest
Instagram
Facebook
Twitter
Houzz
Youtube
800-782-1967
Email Us
Discount Pricing for the Trade
Contract Lighting for Hotels & More
The Nation’s Largest Lighting Retailer
© 2020 Lamps Plus, Inc. All rights reserved.
Terms of Use
Site Map
California Residents: Do Not Sell My Info. See our policy. | CA Transparency Act
*Free Shipping applies only to orders shipping to the 48 contiguous United States that qualify and meet the minimum purchase requirement; standard shipping only and select products excluded, including freight, oversized items and Open Box items. Free Returns applies only to orders shipped to the 48 contiguous United States and is valid on select items; does not apply to freight, Daily Sale, designs with Giclee art shades, Color Plus and Tiffany Color Plus brand items, Open Box items, or certain items with designer shades.
Free Shipping on Most Orders
Only $5.00 shipping on orders $49.00 and under.
Plus Free Returns on 1,000s of Products
Terms & Conditions apply