http://www.upenn.edu/pennpress/about/privacy.html
Home | Penn Press
Books
New Books
Browse & Search
Journals
About
Penn Press
For Authors
Support the Press
Ebooks
Awards
Ordering
How To Order
Shopping Cart
Sales Representation
Contact
Contact Us
Rights & Permissions
Exam & Review Copies
Mailing List
News & Events
Find
HOLIDAY SALE! Get 40% off all titles plus free shipping with discount code HOLIDAY20-FM at checkout
Site Use and Privacy Policy
COPYRIGHT NOTICE
All materials on this site are protected by United States copyright law and may not be reproduced, distributed, transmitted, displayed, modified, or otherwise disseminated without the prior written permission of the University of Pennsylvania Press. All rights are reserved.
Provided, however, that all copyright and other displayed notices are maintained, users may download material (one electronic copy and one printed copy per page) for personal, noncommercial use.
Disclaimer
Penn Press makes no warranties or representations concerning the accuracy or suitability of the information contained on this or any Penn Press website. Nor does the Press warrant or represent that the services provided by this website will be uninterrupted or error-free, or that the website or the server that hosts the website are free from viruses or other forms of harmful computer code. In no event shall the Press, its employees, or agents be liable for any direct, indirect, or consequential damages resulting from the use of this website.
Legal Notice
Penn Press journal subscribers (which may include you as an individual or the institution with which you are affiliated) are permitted to:
Search, view, retrieve, and display content accessed under current subscriptions
Print single copies of online content
Electronically save portions of site content
As a subscriber to a Penn Press journal you must not:
Remove or alter copyright notices, identifiers, or disclaimers
Make printed or electronic copies of content for redistribution in any format
Permit parties other than subscribers (or users authorized by the institution, where the subscriber is an institution) to access or use Penn Press websites or online content for any commercial use whatsoever. For permission to reproduce Penn Press materials, consult the Rights and Permissions page of this site.
PRIVACY POLICY
The University of Pennsylvania Press respects the privacy concerns of visitors and customers and takes the following precautions to safeguard the confidentiality of information you may provide as you use Penn Press websites.
Information We Collect
Penn Press uses the internet to communicate with customers about our publications, including information about advertising policies, permissions requests, and mailing list rentals, and to enable you to purchase books and journal subscriptions. The Press does not collect personal information except when you specifically and knowingly provide it. For example, if you are using the site to subscribe to a journal, you will be asked to supply your name, address, email address, telephone number, and credit card information. This information will be used by the Press to fulfill your specific transaction request.
Information We Disclose
We may disclose information you furnish to selected companies that perform services for us. All of these companies act on our behalf and are obligated to keep the information confidential and use it to provide only the services we have asked them to perform. For example, your credit card information must be released to the card-issuing bank to confirm payment for books and journals purchased on this site; your address is released to the delivery service to deliver products that you order; and we share order information with third-party affiliates that help us provide customer service. And Penn Press may disclose personal information in special cases, such as when we believe real harm might be caused were we not to do so.
From time to time, moreover, we make our customers' names and postal addresses (but not email addresses or other nonpublic personal information) available to other university presses and reputable nonprofit entities that offer products or services we feel may interest you. Many of our customers find this service a valuable one. If you want us to exclude your name from these mailings, please follow the "opt out" procedures set forth below.
Opt-Out Procedures
You may direct us not to share information unrelated to transactions you initiate on our site, and you may choose not to receive from us communications unrelated to your specific purchases or inquiries. To remove your name and address from our book marketing databases or to prevent receipt of future email communications regarding our book offerings, email the electronic promotions coordinator at pressmkt@pobox.upenn.edu with the word "remove" in the subject line.
To remove your name and address information from our journals marketing database or to prevent receipt of future email communications regarding our journal offerings other than those you choose to subscribe to, email journals@pobox.upenn.edu with the word "remove" in the subject line. Further, if you do not want your name and postal information shared with third parties in the manner discussed in the section above entitled "Information We Disclose," please notify the journals division of Penn Press by email to journals@pobox.upenn.edu or by letter sent to the following address:
University of Pennsylvania Press
Journals Division
3905 Spruce Street
Philadelphia PA 19104-4112
Information Security
Personal information gathered through the site is secure and is maintained in a manner consistent with current industry standards. All internet purchase transactions are implemented via a secure server to protect your credit card account details. We encrypt your personal information and thereby prevent unauthorized parties from viewing such information when it is transmitted. In order to serve you most efficiently, credit card transactions and order fulfillment are handled by established third-party banking, processing agents, and distribution companies. They receive only the information needed to verify and authorize your credit card or other payment information and to process and ship your order. Unfortunately, no data transmitted over the internet can be guaranteed to be perfectly secure.
Cookies
We do not use cookies to track the activity of anyone on our site except in the shopping cart facility offered on our book pages. To operate, the shopping cart places a line of text into your local cookies.txt file and then makes reference to it (and updates it) during the course of your visit. Cookie information is stored on your computer, not on our servers. The shopping cart accesses that information to allow you to collect items in your personal shopping cart, remove them, change them, and add to them indefinitely without making a purchase. The shopping cart keeps track of your selections and calculates charges. The information stored in cookies is never collected, reviewed, or in any way made use of by us except in the automated processing of your submitted order. Two hours after the cookies are created, they are erased from your local file by your browser. At any time during your shopping cart order you can quit the process. The order is not sent until you have confirmed it twice.
Cookies are misused by some organizations. They are exceedingly useful, however, for circumventing the "statelessness" of internet transactions, in which each click, as far as the browser's machine is concerned, initiates a new connection.
Links
This site contains hypertext links to websites of independent third parties. The Press is not responsible for the privacy practices or the content of any of these other websites, including any that might indicate a special relationship or affiliation with Penn Press. The Press does not disclose unique identifiers to those responsible for the linked sites. These sites may, however, collect personal information from you when you link to them without being subject to control by the Press. To protect your privacy, review the privacy policies of the sites you visit.
SHOPPING CART TERMS OF SALE
To view the terms of sale for the shopping cart system that we use for book purchases, click here.
CHANGES TO THESE POLICY STATEMENTS
We may from time to time change the policies discussed here. If we revise them in the future, we will post the policy changes to this page to notify you of the changes and provide you with the opportunity to opt out of our lists. If you are concerned about the way your information is used by Penn Press, you should check this page periodically.
These legal and policy statements were last revised 22 February 2016.
Penn Press | Site Use and Privacy Policy
Report Accessibility Issues and Get Help | University of Pennsylvania
Copyright © 2020 University of Pennsylvania Press | All rights reserved