https://www.lundhumphries.com/pages/privacy-policy
Privacy Policy
We are currently reviewing our processes for data collection and usage in order to be compliant with the new guidelines set out by the GDPR, which will come into force on 25 May 2018.  Lund Humphries is committed to ensuring that your privacy is protected. If you have any questions or queries about this policy please use the contact information provided here below. Our policy in brief:
The personal data which we collect includes information that can be used to help identify an individual, such as name, address, phone number or email address, as well as IP addresses and website pages accessed
We collect information about our authors, customers, email-newsletter subscribers, website users, business partners, suppliers and employees.
We collect information to provide services or goods, to provide information, for administration, research, profiling and analysis.
We only collect the information that we need or that would enable us to provide the best possible service.
We do our very best to keep personal information secure, including SSL technology (secure server software) wherever we collect personal data online.
We never sell your data and we will never share it with another company for marketing purposes.
Contacting Us
Victoria Benjamin, Marketing & Publicity Manager is our Data Protection Officer. You can contact her on email on vbenjamin@lundhumphries.com or by phone on 020 7440 7530. Lund HumphriesOffice 3, Book House 261A City Road London, EC1V 1JX Tel: +44 020 7440 7530
Signup for our newsletter
Enter your email address for stock alerts, discounts, promotions and more!
SEARCH THIS STORE
About Us
About us
History
For authors
For partners
Contact us
Privacy Policy
Distribution and representation
Books
All Books
Art Reference
Modern British Art
Contemporary Art
Art History
Architecture, Design and Decorative Arts
Art Business
Special Editions
Coming Soon
Sign up
Blog
Series
eBooks
Catalogue
TOP
We use cookies to ensure that we give you the best experience on our website. If you continue we'll assume that you are understand this. Learn more
Accept