https://www.foamez.com/terms-and-conditions/
Home/ Terms and Conditions
Welcome to FoamEZ.com, a service brought to you by Foam E-Z, Inc. (“Foam E-Z”). Please take a moment to read our Terms and Conditions. By using our site, you agree to these Terms and Conditions. Please note that the Internet is a rapidly changing medium, and we reserve the right to modify the terms of this agreement. By continuing to use this site after we post any such changes, you accept the modified terms.This site is controlled and operated by Foam E-Z from its offices within the United States of America. Foam E-Z makes no representation that materials in the site are appropriate or available for use in other locations, and access to them from territories where their contents are illegal is prohibited. Those who choose to access this site from other countries do soon their own initiative and are responsible for compliance with applicable local laws. You may not use or export the Material (as that term is defined below) in violation of U.S. export law or regulation.We respect the privacy of our user. Please take a moment to review our Privacy Policy. If you have any concerns regarding privacy, contact us for more information.As is further explained below, you should be aware that the material that appears on our site is for informational purposes only. We strive to make the information as accurate as possible, but errors may appear. We are not responsible for, and do not guarantee the performance of, goods and services provided by any of our advertisers or by any third party to whose website we link. The links on this website are designed for convenience only, and do not constitute an endorsement by Foam E-Z of that site or any product, service, or other material offered on that site.All images, website design elements, text, graphics, logos, buttons, icons, other content, the presentation selection and arrangement thereof, and all software Copyright © 2005, Foam E-Z Inc, (Foam E-Z, Foamez.com), 6455 Industry Way, Westminster, CA 92683 ALL RIGHTS RESERVED.Ownership of MaterialsExcept as otherwise noted, the information and/or software within and available through this website (including, but not limited to, articles, photographs, images, illustrations, audio clips and video clips, and all such material collectively, the “Materials”) are the inclusive property of Foam E-Z and its licensors. All Materials are copyrighted and protected by worldwide copyright laws and treaty provisions. Other than as otherwise described herein, they may not be copied, reproduced, modified, published, uploaded, downloaded, posted, transmitted, or distributed in any way, without Foam E-Z’s prior written permission. Except as expressly provided herein, Foam E-Z grants no express or implied rights to you under any patents, copyrights, trademarks, trade names, or trade secret information. If you would like to reproduce or distribute any of the material you find on our site in any manner other than that described in this agreement, please contact us at support@foamez.com.Single Copy LicenseBy offering this Site, we grant you the permission to view using a browser. This means that you may download one (1) copy of the material on a single computer for your personal, non-commercial internal use only. This is a license, not a transfer of title, and is subject to the following restrictions: you may not (a) modify the materials or use them for any commercial purpose, or any other public display, performance, sale, or rental; (b) de-compile, reverse engineer, or disassemble software materials; (c) remove any copyright notice or other proprietary notices from the materials; (d) transfer the materials to another person. You agree to prevent any unauthorized copying of the materials.Your ConsentFoam E-Z may change this Privacy Policy at any time by posting revisions to our website. Your use of the site constitutes acceptance of the provisions of this Privacy Policy. If you do not agree to the terms of this Privacy Policy or any revised policy, please exit the site.
This website uses cookies to improve your experience. We'll assume you're ok with this, but you can opt-out if you wish. Cookie settingsACCEPTPrivacy & Cookies Policy
Close Privacy OverviewThis website uses cookies to improve your experience while you navigate through the website. Out of these cookies, the cookies that are categorized as necessary are stored on your browser as they are essential for the working of basic functionalities of the website. We also use third-party cookies that help us analyze and understand how you use this website. These cookies will be stored in your browser only with your consent. You also have the option to opt-out of these cookies. But opting out of some of these cookies may have an effect on your browsing experience.
Necessary
Necessary Always EnabledNecessary cookies are absolutely essential for the website to function properly. This category only includes cookies that ensures basic functionalities and security features of the website. These cookies do not store any personal information.
Non-necessary
Non-necessaryAny cookies that may not be particularly necessary for the website to function and is used specifically to collect user personal data via analytics, ads, other embedded contents are termed as non-necessary cookies. It is mandatory to procure user consent prior to running these cookies on your website.
Customer Service 714-896-8233 Save & Share Cart
Your Shopping Cart will be saved and you'll be given a link. You, or anyone with the link, can use it to retrieve your Cart at any time.
Save Cart & Generate Link
Send Cart in an Email
Done! close
Empty cart. Please add products before saving :)
Back
Save & Share Cart
Your Shopping Cart will be saved with Product pictures and information, and Cart Totals. Then send it to yourself, or a friend, with a link to retrieve it at any time.
To
From Name
SubjectHave a look at this Shopping Cart sent by a friend via Foam E-Z, The Original One-Stop Surfboard Supply Shop
Send Cart Email
Your cart email sent successfully :)