http://www.powerposture.com/component/content/article/2-uncategorised/44-privacy-policy-statement
Articles
This is the web site of FiTelligence Inc.
Our postal address is
P.O. Box 38148
Germantown, TN 38183-0148
We can be reached via e-mail at This email address is being protected from spambots. You need JavaScript enabled to view it.
or you can reach us by telephone at (901) 755-0840
For each visitor to our Web page, our Web server automatically recognizes only the consumer's domain name, but not the e-mail address (where possible).
We collect only the domain name, but not the e-mail address of visitors to our Web page, aggregate information on what pages consumers access or visit, information volunteered by the consumer, such as survey information and/or site registrations.
The information we collect is used to improve the content of our Web page, not shared with other organizations for commercial purposes.
With respect to cookies: We use cookies to and collect information about site visits, but not linked to individual users..
If you do not want to receive e-mail from us in the future, please let us know by sending us e-mail at the above address.
Persons who supply us with their telephone numbers on-line will only receive telephone contact from us with information regarding orders they have placed on-line.
Please provide us with your name and phone number. We will be sure your name is removed from the list we share with other organizations
With respect to Ad Servers: We do not partner with or have special relationships with any ad server companies.
From time to time, we may use customer information for new, unanticipated uses not previously disclosed in our privacy notice. If our information practices change at some time in the future we will post the policy changes to our Web site to notify you of these changes and provide you with the ability to opt out of these new uses. If you are concerned about how your information is used, you should check back at our Web site periodically.
With respect to security: We always use industry-standard encryption technologies when transferring and receiving consumer data exchanged with our site.
If you feel that this site is not following its stated information policy, you may contact us at the above addresses or phone number.