http://www.esthersnc.com/info/privacy-policy/
Home
Help
Privacy Policy
Privacy Policy
We, at Esther's Nail Center, use our best efforts to respect the privacy of our on-line visitors and customers. We understand your need to appropriately control your personal information and know when and how such information may be used by us. Esther's Nail Center only gathers personal data, such as name, e-mail address, etc. when voluntarily submitted by a visitor.
If a visitor is browsing our website, Esther's Nail Center gathers only information about the visitor's browsing behavior. This information is used only for our statistic purpose. There are also two ways in which a visitor may explicitly provide and consent to Esther's Nail Center collection of personal information.
E-mail - Esther's Nail Center, uses links throughout its Web site to provide a visitor with the opportunity to contact us via e-mail to ask questions or provide comments and suggestions.
Forms - There maybe forms that provide the visitor an opportunity to join a mail list or to contact us. As part of the form, a visitor maybe asked to provide a name and email address. This information is used to respond to requests and verify submissions to Esther's Nail Center, and will not be published without your explicit permission.
If a customer buy and check out through PayPal payment gateway, Esther's Nail Center will not receive your sensitive financial information (like your credit card or bank account number). We simply receive your order detail with your name, shipping information, telephone and your e-mail address. Your financial information is solely saved by PayPal  and not shared with us. For more info on PayPal privacy policy, go to PayPal website, www.paypal.com.
If a customer buy and check out through Authorize.net payment gateway, Esther's Nail Center will not receive your sensitive financial information (like your credit card or bank account number) except the last 4 digits of the credit card and expiration date. We also receive your order detail with your name, shipping information, telephone and your e-mail address from our shopping cart.
Your private information will not be sold, rented, leased, or disclosed in any manner to any person without your prior consent, unless otherwise required by law. We share customer information only as described below.
Affiliated Businesses We Do Not Control: We work closely with our affiliated businesses. In some cases, we operate store, provide services, or sell product lines jointly with these businesses. In this case, we will share your name and shipping address information in order to fulfill those transactions with that third party.
Contests: Occasionally, we have other businesses to provide prizes for contests on our website. In order to ship the prize to the winner, we will share your name, address and email to these prize sponsors.
Third-Party Service Providers: We occasionally employ other companies and individuals to perform functions on our behalf. Examples include fulfilling orders, delivering packages, sending postal mail and e-mail, processing credit card payments, and providing customer service. They have access to personal information needed to perform their functions, but may not use it for other purposes.
Law Enforcement: We will release otherwise confidential information to law enforcement authorities upon receipt of a relevant search warrant or subpoena, and will respond similarly to a relevant discovery order in a civil litigation setting.
Our site includes third-party links to other websites. We do not provide any personally identifiable customer information to these third-party websites.
Esther's Nail Center, reserves the right to change this privacy statement at any time.
×
OK