http://www.saratogasweets.com/shipping-returns-privacy-policy/
Loading... Please wait...
Sign in or Create an account
Guest
My Cart
Your cart is currently empty
Compare (0)
There are no items selected for comparison.
Compare Items
Reset
My Account
Sign In
Forgot your password?
View Messages ()
View Order Status
Completed
Return Requests
Your Address Book
Wish Lists ()
Your Account Details
Sign Out
Shop
Holiday Gift PacksSnack Attack PacksAdirondack & Saratoga SpecialtiesGift BoxesGift SetsPeppermint PigsSpecials & Seasonal ItemsCall To Order Products
Peppermint Pig
Gift Certificates
Our Location
Contact Us
Blog
Home
Shipping, Returns & Privacy Policy
Our Products
Categories
Adirondack & Saratoga Specialties
Call To Order Products
Gift Boxes
Gift Certificates
Gift Sets
Holiday Gift Packs
Peppermint Pigs
Snack ATTACK Packs
Specials & Seasonal Items
Like Us On Facebook
Saratoga Candy Co. Policies for Privacy, Shipping, Returns
Shipping Information
How Your Orders Are ShippedYour package will be shipped either through the United States Postal Service (USPS) via Priority Mail (2-3 Day) or UPS Ground Shipping. Orders generally ship within 2-3 business days of being placed. Some items need to be hand-made fresh for your order depending on our stock so it may be longer and in that case we will notify you. The vast majority of orders leave within 24 hours but that is not always possible. We DO NOT overnight ship.
Shipping Times USPS (Post Office Priority Mail and UPS Ground) Although Priority Mail states that it offers 2-3 day delivery it is not guaranteed and the post office says that it can take upwards of 9 days to deliver an item sometimes. Deliveries may be sent to P.O. boxes and APO/FPO addresses. We ship to lower 48 states.
We do NOT ship Internationally.
HOT-WEATHER SHIPPING: MAY 15 - OCTOBER 31
High Quality Chocolate begins melting in the low 80 F degree range! When the weather is hot outside, added time is needed to prepare and ship orders, and not all delivery options are available.
During the summer months (May – October), we must use special shipping methods for chocolate orders in order to maintain quality standards. To arrange for overnight shipping with ice packs, please call us at 518-580-0499.
During the winter months, chocolate may melt if shipped to FL, CA, AZ, GA, LA, TX please consider a non-chocolate item.
Returns/Cancellations Policy
Return/Refund PolicyWe take great pride in the superior quality of our products and careful shipping methods. Our goal is for you to be pleased with your purchase. If you are unhappy with your purchase, please contact us within 10 days of purchase. Please have your invoice and product name handy when you contact us.
Approved refunds/replacements will be issued a Return Authorization Number (please reference this number on your return); Refund or replacement will be shipped promptly upon receipt of your return. All returns to should be sent to Saratoga Candy Co. , 5 Washington St. Saratoga Springs, NY 12866 within 10 days of receipt of the item(s).
Be sure to include your name, date of order, billing address and phone number.
Cancellation PolicyAny cancellations must be made no later than 24 hours prior to requested ship date. Cancellations made after shipment of product will be subject to return of the merchandise.
Privacy Policy
What information do we collect?
We collect information from you when you register on our site, place an order, subscribe to our newsletter or fill out a form.
When ordering or registering on our site, as appropriate, you may be asked to enter your: name, e-mail address, mailing address, phone number or credit card information. You may, however, visit our site anonymously.
What do we use your information for?
Any of the information we collect from you may be used in one of the following ways:
To personalize your experience (your information helps us to better respond to your individual needs)
To improve our website(we continually strive to improve our website offerings based on the information and feedback we receive from you)
To improve customer service (your information helps us to more effectively respond to your customer service requests and support needs)
To process transactions Your information, whether public or private, will not be sold, exchanged, transferred, or given to any other company for any reason whatsoever, without your consent, other than for the express purpose of delivering the purchased product or service requested.
To send periodic emailsThe email address you provide for order processing, will only be used to send you information and updates pertaining to your order.
How do we protect your information?
We implement a variety of security measures to maintain the safety of your personal information when you place an order or enter, submit, or access your personal information.
We offer the use of a secure server. All supplied sensitive/credit information is transmitted via Secure Socket Layer (SSL) technology and then encrypted into our Payment gateway providers database only to be accessible by those authorized with special access rights to such systems, and are required to keep the information confidential.
After a transaction, your private information (credit cards, social security numbers, financials, etc.) will not be stored on our servers.
Do we use cookies?
Yes. Cookies are small files that a site or its service provider transfers to your computers hard drive through your Web browser (if you allow) that enables the sites or service providers systems to recognize your browser and capture and remember certain information
We use cookies to understand and save your preferences for future visits.
If you prefer, you can choose to have your computer warn you each time a cookie is being sent, or you can choose to turn off all cookies via your browser settings. Like most websites, if you turn your cookies off, some of our services may not function properly. However, you can still place orders over the telephone.
Do we disclose any information to outside parties?
We do not sell, trade, or otherwise transfer to outside parties your personally identifiable information. This does not include trusted third parties who assist us in operating our website, conducting our business, or servicing you, so long as those parties agree to keep this information confidential. We may also release your information when we believe release is appropriate to comply with the law, enforce our site policies, or protect ours or others rights, property, or safety. However, non-personally identifiable visitor information may be provided to other parties for marketing, advertising, or other uses.
California Online Privacy Protection Act Compliance
Because we value your privacy we have taken the necessary precautions to be in compliance with the California Online Privacy Protection Act. We therefore will not distribute your personal information to outside parties without your consent.
As part of the California Online Privacy Protection Act, all users of our site may make any changes to their information at any time by logging into their account and making the desired changes.
Children’s Online Privacy Protection Act Compliance
We are in compliance with the requirements of COPPA (Children’s Online Privacy Protection Act), we do not collect any information from anyone under 13 years of age. Our website, products and services are all directed to people who are at least 13 years old or older.
Your Consent
By using our site, you consent to our websites privacy policy.
Changes to our Privacy Policy
If we decide to change our privacy policy, we will post those changes on this page.
This policy was last modified on 2-12-15.
Contacting Us
If there are any questions regarding our policies you may contact us using the information below.
Saratoga Candy Co.5 Washington St.Saratoga Springs, NY 12866(518) 580-0499info@saratogacandy.com
Sign up for our newsletter
Contact Info
5 Washington St.
Saratoga Springs, NY 12866
518-580-0499
info@saratogacandy.com
Shipping, Returns & Privacy Policies
We accept:
Shop
Categories
Adirondack & Saratoga Specialties
Call To Order Products
Gift Boxes
Gift Certificates
Gift Sets
Holiday Gift Packs
Peppermint Pigs
Snack ATTACK Packs
Specials & Seasonal Items
Information
Shop
Holiday Gift PacksSnack Attack PacksAdirondack & Saratoga SpecialtiesGift BoxesGift SetsPeppermint PigsSpecials & Seasonal ItemsCall To Order Products
Peppermint Pig
Gift Certificates
Our Location
Contact Us
Blog
My Account
My Account
Sign In
Order Status
My Cart
My Wishlist
Like on Facebook
Copyright 2020 Saratoga Candy Co. All Rights Reserved.
Sitemap
Website design and development by eVision Digital Marketing.
View Cart
Go To Checkout