https://www.port-trading.com/privacy-policy/
Port Trading Company
Home
About Us
Contact Us
Newsletter
Privacy Policy
Return Policy
Product Menu
Blended Teas
Coffee
Herbal Teas
Miscellaneous
Rooibos Skin Care
Promotions & Sales
Teas - Camellia Sinensis
Tonic Teas
Site MenuShipping Info
Disclaimer
Links & Resources
View Cart
Shopping Cart
Your shopping cart is empty
Visit the shop
Privacy Policy
Our commitment to your privacy: At this time we have not, and DO NOT, share or sell any information to any parties, including e-mail addresses or other contact information that is recorded by this website.  PERIOD.
The longer, Lawyers-made-me-do-it-version:
Port-Trading.com has created this privacy statement in order to demonstrate our commitment to privacy. The following discloses our information gathering and dissemination practices for Port-trading.com
1. ORDER FORMS—Our site occasionally uses an order form from our customers to request information, financial information (like account or credit cart numbers)
2. CONTACT DATA—This information is used to send orders, and account information to our customers. We do not use this information to send information about our company, or promotional material from any of our Partners or Associates. The customer’s contact information may also be used to get in touch with the visitor when necessary. Should this policy ever change users may opt-out of receiving future mailings.
3. FINANCIAL DATA—This information is used only for billing purposes.
4. “COOKIE TECHNOLOGY”—Port Trading.com may occasionally use “cookie” technology to enhance users online experience by making it easier for them to navigate through our pages or to make a feature work better. We do not extract information about individual users or their computers during this process. For more information about “cookie” technology, please go to: http://www.cookiecentarl.com/.
5. MONITORING USE OF SERVICE—We may monitor your use of this service and use or disclose any information to both satisfy any law, regulation or other government request and to operate the service properly and efficiently. J&R Port Trading Inc. (the “Company”) also may in its sole discretion, develop and use consumer research based on User’s use of the service. All marketing information shall be subject, in all cases, to compliance with the applicable rules and regulations, as the same may be amended from time to time.
6. COMPANY NOT RESPONSIBLE FOR THIRD PARTY ORDERS—Port-Trading.com contains links to other related Internet sites, resource and sponsors of the company, who from time to time, will offer products and services that may be of value to you. Selection of one of these ad banners or links redirect the user of Port-trading.com to a third party. Transportation that occur between the User and the Third party are strictly between the User and the Third party and are not the responsibility of our Company. Because the Company is not responsible for these outside resources or their privacy policy or content, User should direct any concern regarding any external link to its site administrator or webmaster.
7. OPT-OUT—Users may opt-out of receiving communication from us by choosing such an option at the point where we are request information about the visitor.
You can send e-mail to the following: info@port-trading.com or send mail to:
Port-trading Co. 2239 Stonewood Ct., San Pedro, CA 90732-1344
Organic, USDA CertifiedSome Products Certified Kosher or Rain Forest Alliance.
On-Line Shopping Cart On A Secured Server For Your Safety.Hacker Safe - Tested Daily - Authorize.net Verified Merchant Seal
© 2020 Port Trading Co, division of J&R Port Trading Inc. All Rights Reserved.