https://www.indigowild.com/privacy-policy
Hi Zum Lovey! This website uses cookies to ensure you get the best Zum user experience. Lather up!
Accept
Privacy Policy
Menu
Search
Search
Store Locator
Account
My AccountCreate an Account
Sign In
0
My Cart
Menu
Account
ZUM BAR SOAPZUM BAR GOAT'S MILK SOAPZUM BRICK BULK SOAPINGREDIENTSSCENT GUIDEWHY GOAT'S MILKSKIN CARE- ZUM BAR GOAT'S MILK SOAP- CLEANSERS & EXFOLIATORS- MOISTURIZERS- SERUMS & MASKS- LIP CARE- FULL FACE REGIMEN- ZUM BAR GOAT'S MILK SOAP- CLEANSERS & EXFOLIATORS- MOISTURIZERS- SERUMS & MASKS- LIP CARE- FULL FACE REGIMENBODY CARE- WASHES & LIQUID SOAPS- ZUM BAR GOAT'S MILK SOAP- AROMATHERAPY BODY SPRAYS- RUBS- BODY LOTIONS, MOISTURIZERS & OILS- BODY SCRUBS- BATH SALTS- HAIR CARE- HAND CARE- FOR BABY- PERSONAL FRAGRANCE- LAB EXCLUSIVES- FOR THE PETS- ZUM FOR MEN- VEGAN ZUM- WASHES & LIQUID SOAPS- ZUM BAR GOAT'S MILK SOAP- AROMATHERAPY BODY SPRAYS- RUBS- BODY LOTIONS, MOISTURIZERS & OILS- BODY SCRUBS- BATH SALTS- HAIR CARE- HAND CARE- FOR BABY- PERSONAL FRAGRANCE- LAB EXCLUSIVES- FOR THE PETS- ZUM FOR MEN- VEGAN ZUMHOME CARE- LAUNDRY SOAP- NEW! WOOL DRYER BALLS - GRANITE & COUNTER CLEANER- WASHES & SOAPS- AROMATHERAPY ROOM SPRAYS- CANDLES- ZUM LAB EXCLUSIVES FOR THE HOME- LAUNDRY SOAP- NEW! WOOL DRYER BALLS - GRANITE & COUNTER CLEANER- WASHES & SOAPS- AROMATHERAPY ROOM SPRAYS- CANDLES- ZUM LAB EXCLUSIVES FOR THE HOMEGIFTS- ZUM FAVORITES- BEST SELLERS- ZUM MERCH- HOSTESS GIFTS- HOUSEWARMING GIFTS- GIFTS FOR THE AROMATHERAPY LOVER- GIFTS FOR THE YOGI- GIFTS UNDER $25- GIFTS UNDER $50- SAMPLERS- ALL GIFTS- ZUM FAVORITES- BEST SELLERS- ZUM MERCH- HOSTESS GIFTS- HOUSEWARMING GIFTS- GIFTS FOR THE AROMATHERAPY LOVER- GIFTS FOR THE YOGI- GIFTS UNDER $25- GIFTS UNDER $50- SAMPLERS- ALL GIFTSBEST SELLERSZUM NEWBIES- Zum Lab- Zum LabSHOP BY SCENT3125 ZUMAlmondAmberAnise-LavenderCedarCharcoalCitrus-MintClove-MintClove-OrangeCoffee-AlmondDragon's BloodEucalyptusFrankincense & MyrrhFrankincense-LavenderFrankincense-PatchouliGeraniumGrapefruitHoney-LavenderLavenderLavender-CedarLavender-LemonLavender-Lemon & PatchouliLavender-MintLavender-RosemaryLemongrassLime-BasilMintOatmeal-LavenderPatchouliPatchouli-MintPatchouli-OrangePatchouli-Ylang YlangRosemaryRosemary-MintSandalwood-CitrusSea SaltSeaweedTangerine-OrangeTea Tree-CitrusFall ScentsationsHOLIDAYZUM YULEFRANKINCENSE & MYRRH HOLIDAYMAZEL ZUMHOHO ZUMBLITZUMGIFT SETS AND STOCKING STUFFERSZUM GIFT GUIDEABOUT USCONTACT USWHAT WE'RE MADE OFZUM FACTORYRETAIL STORECONTACT USWHAT WE'RE MADE OFZUM FACTORYRETAIL STORE
My Account
My AccountCreate an Account
Sign In
Home
Privacy Policy
Privacy Policy
INDIGO WILD PRIVACY POLICY
Effective Date: January 1, 2020
Last Updated: May 4, 2020
This Privacy Policy sets out how Indigo Wild, LLC (“we,” “us,” or “our”) uses and protects any information that you, the user, provide when you visit the website, www.indigowild.com (“Website”). Except as otherwise provided herein, this Privacy Policy applies to all services offered by us on this Website. Except as otherwise provided herein, this Privacy Policy applies only to information collected through our Website and not to information collected offline.
This Privacy Policy does not cover the information practices of third parties, including other companies that may advertise on this Website. In addition, the Website may contain links to third party websites. Please note that once you click on such a link, you will have left our Website and should be aware that we do not have any control over third party websites. Use of third party websites, and collection of information by those parties, are governed by their privacy policies. We encourage you to exercise caution and review their privacy policies before using their websites. Nonetheless, we seek to protect the integrity of our Website and welcome any feedback about these third party websites.
Please read this Privacy Policy carefully to understand our policies and practices regarding your information and how we will treat it. If you do not agree with our policies and practices, do not use our Website.  By accessing or using this Website, you agree to this Privacy Policy.  We may revise and update our Privacy Policy from time to time, and all updates will be posted on this page.  Unless otherwise required by law, your continued use of this Website after we make changes is deemed to be acceptance of those changes, so please check the Privacy Policy periodically for updates.
Please also visit our Terms and Conditions establishing the use, disclaimers and limitations of liability governing the use of our Website here.
Information We Collect
We collect the following categories of personal information: Identifiers such as a real name, alias, address, telephone number, unique personal identifier, online identifier, Internet Protocol address, email address, account name; payment information; characteristics of protected classifications under California or federal law; commercial information; Internet or other electronic network activity information; geolocation data; audio, electronic, visual or similar information; and inferences drawn from any of the above-identified information to create a profile about a consumer reflecting the consumer’s preferences, characteristics, psychological trends, predispositions, behavior, attitudes, intelligence, abilities and aptitudes.  [Remove what is unnecessary & let us know what needs to be added]
How We Use the Information We Collect
Your information, whether public or private, will not be sold, exchanged, transferred, or given to any other company without your consent, other than as specified in this Privacy Policy.
We will use your Personal Information for our legitimate interests, meaning our interests in conducting our business, fulfilling orders and processing transactions, and managing and providing services to you, which include the following:
Providing, maintaining and improving our business;
Fulfilling orders and processing transactions;
Managing and providing services to you;
Responding to your questions, concerns, and other requests for assistance;
Customizing your browsing and shopping experience on the Website. We use information about your browsing and shopping activities to bring you a custom shopping experience, by offering products and advertisements tailored to your interests (please see our Cookies section below);
Keeping you informed of administrative changes to our Website, including changes to our terms and conditions and other policies, and other information regarding the Website;
Analyzing Website statistics, such as usage and experiences impacting your browsing experience. We use this information to patch bugs and resolve other issues to present you with the best possible browsing experience. We also use cookies and other technologies to analyze how our customers interact with the Website, which helps us improve its functionality;
Conducting market research, which informs our marketing strategy and enables us to present you with a browsing experience tailored to your interests. For example, we create user profiles to enable personalized direct marketing communications;
Maintaining basic records, so that we may respond to and honor your requests to delete your data and prohibit future unwanted processing;
Preventing fraud, criminal activity, and misuses of our Website. We also use this information to block prohibited resellers from accessing our website and to safeguard the security of this Website, as well as our infrastructural security;
Complying with legal obligations and process, and to safeguard our rights, privacy, safety, and property, as well as your rights, privacy, safety, and property, and that of our affiliates and third parties;
Administering subscriptions to Indigo Wild product catalogs and special offers, including contests, promotions, surveys, and other interactive Website experiences;
Enabling us to publish your reviews, photos, videos and other content;
Applications for employment and employment-related purposes;
Notifying you about special offers and products or services available from us, our affiliates or our partners that may be of interest to you.
Communicating with you, including through email and online advertising. We may use the email address which you provide for order processing to send you information and updates about your orders, as well as occasional news, updates, and information about our company and related products and services.  If at any time you would like to unsubscribe from receiving future emails, please refer to the detailed unsubscribe instructions at the bottom of each email or email us at nocatalogplease@indigowild.com;
Communicating with you, including through physical mail. We may use your mailing address to send catalogs, postcards, or other goodies to you. If at any time you would like to opt-out of receiving future mailings via mail, please send an email request to nocatalogplease@indigowild.com.
If you would like to update your personal information in order to continue to receive emails and mailings from us, please log into your online account at www.indigowild.com and update your information, call us at 1-800-361-5686, or email us at zumchicks@indigowild.com.
How Long We Keep Your Personal Information
We will keep your Personal Information for as long as reasonably necessary for the purposes described in this Privacy Policy, while we have a legitimate business need to do so, or as required by law (e.g. for tax, legal, accounting or other purposes), whichever is longer.
To determine the appropriate retention period for your Personal Information, we will consider the amount, nature, and sensitivity of the Personal Information, the potential risk of harm from unauthorized use or disclosure of your Personal Information, the purposes for which we use your Personal Information and whether we can achieve those purposes through other means, and the applicable legal requirements. When we no longer need to retain your Personal Information, it will be deleted or be anonymized so that you can no longer be identified from it.
How We Protect And Store Your Information
We are committed to making sure your privacy is protected when you use our Website and when we collect information from you. We take the security of your information seriously, and implement a variety of security measures to maintain safety of all Personal Information you provide. We also make sure that third parties we use to process your Personal Information also use appropriate security measures to protect your data.
When we collect sensitive information like your credit card information, that information is encrypted and securely transmitted. For example, we use a secure server for transmitting sensitive information. All supplied sensitive/credit card information is transmitted via Secure Socket Layer (SSL) technology and then encrypted into our payment gateway providers database only to be accessible by those authorized with special access rights to such systems, and are required to keep the information confidential. You can verify that this sensitive information is being transmitted securely by looking for “https” at the beginning of the address of the webpage.
After a transaction is completed, your sensitive information (credit cards) will not be stored on our servers.
The safety and security of your information also depends on you. We urge you to be careful about entering information on public computers or on public networks.
Unfortunately, the transmission of information via the internet is not completely secure. Although we do our best to protect your Personal Information, we cannot guarantee the security of your Personal Information transmitted to or stored on our Website.
Do Not Track (DNT) Signals
We only have access to or collect information that you provide us through your use of the Website. We do not track users over time and across third party websites. Accordingly, this Website does not respond to Do Not Track (DNT) signals.
Cookies
Cookies are small files that a site or its service provider transfers to your computer’s hard drive through your web browser. Cookies enable websites or service providers’ systems to recognize your browser and capture and remember certain information. For example, you may use our cookies to stay logged in when you exit a browser window. You may read more about cookies at https://www.allaboutcookies.org/.
We use cookies and other technologies for different purposes. First, we use these technologies to operate and run our site (“Strictly Necessary Cookies”). Second, we use cookies to understand how users arrive to and use our site (“Analytics Cookies”). Third, we use cookies to make our site more user-friendly and give you greater options for using our website (“Functional Cookies”). Finally, we use cookies to facilitate our direct marketing (“Marketing Cookies”).
Some cookies (Strictly Necessary Cookies) are so essential to the functioning of our website that you cannot opt out of them. However, you can choose to accept, decline, or withdraw consent to other cookies. Be aware that disabling cookies may prevent you from using certain features or services on our Website.
Strictly Necessary Cookies: Carry out essential services of our website, including tracking sign-ups and processing payments. Because our website cannot function without use of these cookies, you may not opt out of them.
Magento – More information here.
Analytics Cookies: Provide information about how visitors arrive at and use our site. You may opt out of these cookies by visiting the opt out links provided, or by modifying your browser settings as explained below.
Google Analytics – More information here; opt out here.
Functional Cookies: Give visitors a better browsing experience, such as the opportunity to leave product reviews. You may opt out of these cookies by modifying your browser settings as explained below.
LiveHelpNow.com – More information here.
Marketing Cookies: Facilitate targeted and affiliate marketing. You may opt out of these cookies by visiting the opt out links provided, or by modifying your browser settings as explained below.
Facebook – More information here; opt out here.
Google.com/co.uk – More information here; opt out here.
Google Tag Manager – More information here; opt out here.
Bing.com
Browser Opt-Out: Most browsers have a “help” button or section on the toolbar. If you click on this button or section, you will find information about turning on and off cookies and how to receive notifications when a new cookie is received.
Internet Explorer
Mozilla Firefox
Google Chrome
Apple Safari
Additionally, many advertising services allow you to opt out of targeted advertising. You may find more information in the resources available at the Network Advertising Initiative, http://www.optout.networkadvertising.org.
Mobile devices: Note that these resources may not work to turn off cookies on mobile devices. Every mobile device is different. Here are some resources for turning off cookies for popular mobile browsers:
Mozilla Firefox (Android)
Google Chrome
Apple Safari
Disclosure to Third Parties
Other than as described herein, as of the Effective Date of this Privacy Policy, we do not disclose, trade, or otherwise transfer to third parties your personally identifiable information. We may share your Personal Information with our affiliates, as well as with trusted third parties who assist us in operating our Website, conducting our business and servicing you, including providers of hosting, cloud services and other information technology services providers for the management or hosting of the Website; payment processors; order and subscription management and fulfillment services; e-commerce platforms; rating and reviews platforms; email communication and customer support services; and web analytics, marketing and digital advertising services, so long as those parties agree not to use the information for their direct marketing purpose, to keep this information confidential and use appropriate security measures to protect your data. We may also disclose your information as required under applicable law, to enforce our Website policies, or to protect our or others’ rights, property, or safety. However, non-personally identifiable visitor information may be provided to other parties for marketing, advertising, or other uses. In the event of a merger, acquisition, reorganization, bankruptcy, receivership, or sale or transfer of all or a portion of our assets, your Personal Information may be transferred to a successor or affiliate or other entity surviving out of the event.
Magento
Our online store is hosted on Magento, which provides us with the online e-commerce platform that allows us to sell our products and services to you. We encourage you to review Magento’s Terms of Service, available at https://magento.com/legal/terms/website, and Privacy Policy, available at https://magento.com/sites/default/files/Magento-Privacy-Policy-CCPA-Updates.pdf.
Protecting Children’s Privacy
We are a general audience site. Our Website, products, and services are all directed to people who are at least 16 years of age or older. We do not knowingly collect, use or disclose any information from anyone under 16 years of age. We understand and are committed to respecting the sensitive nature of children’s privacy online. If we discover that we have inadvertently collected information from anyone under 16 years of age, any information regarding that user will be promptly deleted.  If you believe we might have any information from or about anyone under 16 years of age, please contact us by using the information below.
Changes to Our Privacy Policy
Unless otherwise required by law, it is our policy to post any changes we make to our Privacy Policy on this page with a notice that the Privacy Policy has been updated on our Website home page. If we make material changes to how we treat the information collected from our users, we will notify you through a notice on our Website home page. The date the Privacy Policy was last revised is identified at the top of the page. We may also notify you of any material changes by sending an email to you. You are responsible for periodically visiting our Website and this Privacy Policy to check for any changes.
Nevada Online Privacy Law
If you are a Nevada resident, you have the right to submit a request directing us not to make any sale of personally identifiable information we have collected or will collect about you.  We do not sell your personal information.  To request confirmation that we do not sell your personal information, please send an email to privacy@indigowild.com with “Nevada Privacy Information” in the subject line of your message.
California Minors Who Are Registered Users
If you are under the age of 18, reside in California and are a registered user of the Website, you have the right to request that we remove content or information you posted on the Website.  Please send an email to privacy@indigowild.com with “California Minors Content Removal” in the subject line of your message.  Please note that our removal of content or information you posted may not ensure complete or comprehensive removal of the content or information.
California Consumer Privacy Act (“CCPA”)
Effective January 1, 2020, if you are a California resident, you have the rights enumerated below. Please note that the CCPA broadly defines the term “sale” to include disclosure of personal information to third parties for which “valuable consideration” is received (i.e. the receipt of a benefit other than money), a definition which is much broader than the ordinary understanding of the term “sale.” To be clear, we have not and will not disclose personal information to any third parties in exchange for money; however, prior to January 1, 2020, we disclosed personal information to a third party to assist in the operation of our business and received certain information in return. It is possible that someone could claim that this transaction constituted a “sale” for “other valuable consideration” under the CCPA; however, there  is no need to opt out of the “sale” of your personal information, as we have discontinued this aspect of our business marketing practices.
1. You have the right to request that we disclose to you, not more than twice in a 12-month period, the personal information about you that we collect, use, disclose, and “sold” during the 12-month period preceding your request, which shall include as follows:
The categories of personal information that we have collected about you
The categories of sources from which the personal information was collected
The business or commercial purpose for collecting that personal information
The categories of personal information that we  disclosed or “sold” about you
The categories of third parties with whom we shared, disclosed, or “sold” that personal information, and for what business or commercial purpose
The specific pieces of personal information we have collected about you
2. You have the right to request the deletion of the personal information that we have collected from you.
3. You have the right not to be discriminated against because you exercised your rights under this section of the Privacy Policy, and we will not discriminate against you for doing so.
4. You have the right to opt-out of the sale of your personal information; however please note as of the effective date of this Privacy Policy, Indigo Wild does not sell your personal information.
For purposes of exercising your rights above, please note the following regarding how we collected and used your personal information during the 12 month period preceding the effective date of this Privacy Policy:
We collect the categories of personal information as recited in this Privacy Policy in the section entitled “Information We Collect.”
We disclose the following categories of personal information for a business purpose: Identifiers; payment information; buying history; Internet of other electronic network activity information; geolocation data; audio, electronic, visual or similar information.  [Remove what is unnecessary & let us know what needs to be added]
We “sold” the following categories of personal information for a business purpose: Identifiers; payment information; buying history; Internet of other electronic network activity information; geolocation data; audio, electronic, visual or similar information.  [Remove what is unnecessary & let us know what needs to be added]
We use the above categories of personal information for our legitimate interests, meaning our interests in conducting our business, fulfilling orders and processing transactions, and managing and providing services to you, which include the activities set forth in the above section of this privacy policy entitled “How We Use the Information We Collect.”
If you wish to contact us to submit a request under the California Consumer Privacy Act, please contact us by telephone at 1(800) 361-5686 or click here to fill out a form to submit your request.  We may need to verify your identity to enable us to process your request.  Disclosure and deletion is subject to our receipt of a verifiable consumer request and exceptions or limitations established by applicable laws and regulations.
Contact Us
If you have any questions or concerns regarding this Privacy Policy or data processing, if you would like to change or access the Personal Information we have collected from you, or if you would like to make a complaint, you may contact us using the information below. You may also be able to refer a complaint to your local data protection regulator if you are not satisfied with the way we handled your complaint.
Email: privacy@indigowild.com
Mailing Address: 3125 Wyandotte St.
Kansas City, MO 64111
Telephone: 1-800-361-5686
Newsletter
Our email will make you smarter, happier, and smell better.
Subscribe
3125 Wyandotte St. Kansas City, MO 64111
1-800-361-5686
Working Time: 9 AM - 5 PM
Company
About Us
Blog
Zum Jobs
Wholesale Info Request
Request Zum In Your Store
Our Causes
What We Believe
Customer Support
Contact Us
Store Locator
Store Hours
Shipping
Customer Account
Return Policy
Gratification Guarantee
Privacy Policy
Terms & Conditions
CCPA
Products
View Catalog
Request A Paper Catalog.
Ingredients
Scent Guide
Affiliates & Friends
Betsy's Story
Zum Furry Friends
Donation Information
Stranger Danger
© 2020 Indigo Wild.
Top