http://www.pfpros.com/policies/privacy-statement.shtml
Pond Aerators
Pond Fountains
Pond & Fountain Pumps
Filters & Backwash Valves
Pond Lights
Fiber Optics
Pond Bacteria & Treatments
Fountain Chemicals
Pond Electrical
Fountain Cartridge Filters
Pond Plumbing
Pond Liners
You are here:  Pond & Fountain Pros Home  >  PFPros Privacy Statement
Pond & Fountain Products
Customer Service Center
Photo Gallery
Knowledge Base
Troubleshooting
Water Feature Consulting
Pond & Fountain Designs
Recommended Resources
Site Map
View Shopping Cart
Contact Us
Our Policies
Sales Tax
Shipping
Return Policy
Forms of Payment
Privacy Statement
Legal Notices
We Accept:
PF Pros Privacy Statement
General
Our company respects the privacy of every individual who visits our website. This Privacy Statement outlines the information we will collect and how we will use that information. This statement will also instruct you on what to do if you do not want your personal information collected when you visit our website.
Personal Information
We will not collect your name, address, telephone number, or e-mail address unless you provide it to us voluntarily. However, we may attempt to collect such information if we believe your use of this website violates any laws. If you do not want this information collected, please do not submit it to us. If you have already submitted this information and would like for us to remove it from our records, please contact us. We will use reasonable efforts to delete your information from our existing files.
When you do provide us with personal information, we may use that information in the following ways, unless stated otherwise: we may store and process that information to better understand your needs and how we can improve our services. We may also use that information to contact you. However, we will not provide that information to third parties.
Other information collected automatically
In some cases, we may collect information about you that is not personally-identifiable. Examples of this type of information include the type of Internet browser you are using, the type of computer operating system you are using, and the URL of the website from which you linked or clicked to our website.
Information we may place automatically on your computer's hard drive
When you view our website, we may store some information on your computer. This information will be in the form of a "cookie" or similar file and will help us serve you in many ways. For example, cookies allow us to tailor our website to better match your interests and preferences. With most Internet browsers, you can erase cookies from your computer hard drive, block all cookies, or receive a warning before a cookie is stored. Please refer to your browser instructions or help screen to learn more about these functions.
Who to contact
If you have submitted personal information through this website and would like that information deleted from our records, please contact us. We will use reasonable efforts to delete your information from our existing files.
Pond & Fountain Pros Home | Recommended
Resources | Submit
your website | Sitemap
Copyright © 2005 Pond & Fountain Pros - All Rights Reserved