https://www.sumlab.com/terms-of-use/
Search
Sign In
Create an Account
Home
Conditions
How to Identify and Treat Vitiligo
Psoriasis Treatment and Information
Oily Skin Treatment
Incontinence Rash Treatment
Eczema Care
Severe Dry Skin Treatment
Diaper Rash Relief
Brittle Nails Treatment
Jock Itch Treatment
Acne Treatment
View all Conditions
Products
Cutemol Sensitive Emollient Dry Skin Cream
Moisture-All
Triple Cream Eczema Care
Cutemol Emollient Cream
Chromelin Complexion Blender
Cutar Emulsion – Psoriasis Lotion
Tarsum Relief Shampoo
Keralyt Gel 3%
Keralyt Gel 6%
Keralyt Shampoo
Keralyt Scalp
Keralyt 5 Gel
Keralyt 5 Shampoo
Keralyt 5 Cream – Psoriasis Treatment Cream
Sebasorb
Triple Paste Medicated Diaper Rash Ointment
DermaNail Nail Conditioner
Triple Paste AF – Jock Itch Cream
Liquimat Medium
Rezamid Acne Lotion
View all Products
Our Story
Follow Us on Facebook
Follow Us on Twitter
1-800-533-7546
Customer Service
Our Guarantee
Contact Us
Healthcare Professionals
1. Terms
By accessing this web site, you are agreeing to be bound by these web site Terms and Conditions of Use, all applicable laws and regulations, and agree that you are responsible for compliance with any applicable local laws. If you do not agree with any of these terms, you are prohibited from using or accessing this site. The materials contained in this web site are protected by applicable copyright and trade mark law.
2. Use License
Permission is granted to temporarily download one copy of the materials (information or software) on Summers Laboratories, Inc.’s web site for personal, non-commercial transitory viewing only. This is the grant of a license, not a transfer of title, and under this license you may not:
modify or copy the materials;
use the materials for any commercial purpose, or for any public display (commercial or non-commercial);
attempt to decompile or reverse engineer any software contained on Summers Laboratories, Inc.’s web site;
remove any copyright or other proprietary notations from the materials; or
transfer the materials to another person or “mirror” the materials on any other server.
This license shall automatically terminate if you violate any of these restrictions and may be terminated by Summers Laboratories, Inc. at any time. Upon terminating your viewing of these materials or upon the termination of this license, you must destroy any downloaded materials in your possession whether in electronic or printed format.
3. Disclaimer
The materials on Summers Laboratories, Inc.’s web site are provided “as is”. Summers Laboratories, Inc. makes no warranties, expressed or implied, and hereby disclaims and negates all other warranties, including without limitation, implied warranties or conditions of merchantability, fitness for a particular purpose, or non-infringement of intellectual property or other violation of rights. Further, Summers Laboratories, Inc. does not warrant or make any representations concerning the accuracy, likely results, or reliability of the use of the materials on its Internet web site or otherwise relating to such materials or on any sites linked to this site.
4. Limitations
In no event shall Summers Laboratories, Inc. or its suppliers be liable for any damages (including, without limitation, damages for loss of data or profit, or due to business interruption,) arising out of the use or inability to use the materials on Summers Laboratories, Inc.’s Internet site, even if Summers Laboratories, Inc. or a Summers Laboratories, Inc. authorized representative has been notified orally or in writing of the possibility of such damage. Because some jurisdictions do not allow limitations on implied warranties, or limitations of liability for consequential or incidental damages, these limitations may not apply to you.
5. Revisions and Errata
The materials appearing on Summers Laboratories, Inc.’s web site could include technical, typographical, or photographic errors. Summers Laboratories, Inc. does not warrant that any of the materials on its web site are accurate, complete, or current. Summers Laboratories, Inc. may make changes to the materials contained on its web site at any time without notice. Summers Laboratories, Inc. does not, however, make any commitment to update the materials.
6. Links
Summers Laboratories, Inc. has not reviewed all of the sites linked to its Internet web site and is not responsible for the contents of any such linked site. The inclusion of any link does not imply endorsement by Summers Laboratories, Inc. of the site. Use of any such linked web site is at the user’s own risk.
7. User Generated Content
Summers Laboratories, Inc. may provide mechanisms for users of the site to create content on the website such as their comments, photos, videos, and reviews related to Summers Laboratories products.  You agree to give us a perpetual, royalty-free license to use any content related to our business that you create on our website,  without limitation and without any additional approval.
8. Site Terms of Use Modifications
Summers Laboratories, Inc. may revise these terms of use for its web site at any time without notice. By using this web site you are agreeing to be bound by the then current version of these Terms and Conditions of Use.
9. Governing Law
Any claim relating to Summers Laboratories, Inc.’s web site shall be governed by the laws of the Commonwealth of Pennsylvania without regard to its conflict of law provisions.
Happy Skin Rewards Terms & Conditions
The Summers Laboratories, Inc. Happy Skin Rewards Program applies only to products sold on www.sumlab.com or that are listed as participating in the Happy Skin Rewards Program (“Qualifying Products”); or the performance of an activity designated by Summers Laboratories, Inc. (“Qualifying Activity”).
In order to receive the benefits of the Rewards Program You must be an existing sumlab.com account holder at www.sumlab.com or You must visit www.sumlab.com and create a sumlab.com account (“Membership”). Membership is open to all individuals that reside in the United States and Canada. Commercial customers and others purchasing items for resale are not eligible for Membership.
The use and benefits of the Happy Skin Rewards Program is subject to, and shall be governed by, these Terms of Use. Summers Laboratories, Inc. may, at its sole and absolute discretion, change the Happy Skin Rewards Program rules, regulations, benefits, conditions of participation, or Reward levels, in whole or in part, at any time without notice, even though changes may affect the value of the points already accumulated. It is your responsibility to be aware of any such changes. Continued use of your sumlab.com account shall be deemed acceptance of these Terms and Conditions and any modifications thereto.
You will receive reward points based on the purchase of a Qualifying Product or the performance of a Qualifying Activity (“Rewards”). The amount of Rewards You can earn on the purchase of a Qualifying Product or performance of a Qualifying Activity will be determined by Summers Laboratories, Inc. The Rewards You can earn upon the purchase of a Qualifying Product will be displayed by the price for such Qualifying Product or, in some instances, through a promotion of such Qualifying Product(s). Points you can earn from the performance of a Qualifying Activity will be displayed in the promotional announcement and/or materials of the Qualifying Activity. Summers Laboratories, Inc. has the right to make the final decision on whether a purchase or performance qualifies for Rewards.
You must be logged into Your sumlab.com account on the www.sumlab.com website, in order to earn Rewards from purchasing Qualifying Products. In some cases, You do not have to be logged into your sumlab.com account in order to earn Rewards from the performance of a Qualifying Activity. However, some actions can only be acted on after logging in.
Rewards may be redeemed 1) on future purchases of Summers Laboratories products on sumlab.com in the form of a discount on such future purchase; or 2) may be used to purchase certain Summers Laboratories products offered from time to time by Summers Laboratories, Inc. in exchange for Rewards
No Rewards will be earned on Qualifying Product(s) purchased with Rewards. Summers Laboratories, Inc. will post earned Rewards to Your account within thirty (30) days from the purchase of a Qualifying Product or the performance of a Qualifying Activity. Rewards may only be redeemed after such Rewards are posted to Your account.
Rewards have no cash value and cannot be converted to or redeemed for cash, either directly or indirectly. Tax, shipping & handling and any other charges other than the purchase price of the Qualifying Product are not eligible for Rewards points.
You are not required to make a purchase in order to redeem Your Rewards. Please allow up to 3 weeks for Your reward to arrive if You have redeemed Rewards and not made a purchase.
Points are not transferable and may not be combined with Rewards from other Happy Skin Rewards Program Members or conveyed by any means to anyone, including through a Member’s estate, and may not pass to Members’ successors and assigns. Accrued points do not constitute property of the Member. Accrued points are not transferable by the Member (i) upon death, (ii) as part of a domestic relations matter, or (iii) otherwise.
Any return of a Qualifying Product purchased with Rewards will take into account the value of the Rewards redeemed for such product, which may result in a reduction of any amounts owed to You for such return. Any discount or price adjustment, including but not limited to an adjustment resulting from a price match inquiry, may result in the value of the Rewards for this item being reduced by the amount of the price adjustment or eliminated entirely, at Our sole discretion.
Points will only be awarded for “Write a Review” when the review meets these requirements:  1) the Member has purchased the product prior to writing a review of the product; 2) the review has been accepted for publication by an independent 3rd party, e.g. BazaarVoice. If a review does not qualify, points initially awarded for writing a review may be subtracted from the member’s point total. Points are awarded for one review per product.
As part of the Happy Skins Rewards Program, You may receive print/electronic Rewards Statements, Happy Skin Rewards Program updates and other related materials at the discretion of Summers Laboratories, Inc.. Summers Laboratories, Inc. reserves the right to cease providing Happy Skin Rewards Program updates and related materials to You.
You can view Your account activity online at www.sumlab.com. For information about an individual account or any other Happy Skin Rewards Program-related questions or information contact Summers Laboratories, Inc., Customer Service by mail at: 103 G.P. Clement Drive, Collegeville, PA 19426 or by email at info@sumlab.com
To the extent provided by law, Summers Laboratories, Inc. reserves the right to make Rewards and promotional offers available to select sumlab.com account holders based on purchase activity, geographic location, Happy Skin Rewards Program participation, or information supplied by You.
You may cancel Your Membership at any time by notifying Summers Laboratories, Inc. Customer Service by mail, email or telephone.
We reserve the right to close your account at any time if there is no account activity for a period of three (3) years, which will result in the forfeiture of any and all accumulated Rewards. For the purposes of these Terms and Conditions, “account activity” shall mean any purchases, downloading content, uploading content, or logging on. Summers Laboratories, Inc. shall reasonably determine if an account is inactive at its sole and absolute discretion.
The information provided by You will be handled according to the Summers Laboratories’ Privacy Policy. If You are interested in learning more about Summers Laboratories privacy practices, please visit www.sumlab.com and click on the Privacy Statement link in the bottom navigation bar.
We may terminate the Happy Skin Rewards Program and/or your Membership at any time at Our discretion. If We do so without cause, We will provide you with at least ninety (90) days to redeem any Rewards you have earned prior to any termination of your Membership or the Happy Skin Rewards Program.
Abuse of the Happy Skin Rewards Program by failing to follow these Terms and Conditions, conducting any fraudulent or illegal activities, purchasing products with the intent to resell, “hacking”, misrepresenting or falsifying any facts presented to Summers Laboratories, participating in any activity disparaging to or not in the best interest of Summers Laboratories or other sumlab.com account holders, or conducting any other improper conduct as determined by Summers Laboratories in its sole judgment, may result in immediate cancellation of your Membership and future disqualification from Happy Skin Rewards Program or participation in other Summers Laboratories promotional programs, forfeiture of all Rewards accrued, cancellation of previously issued but unused Rewards, and termination of the business relationship with Summers Laboratories, Inc.. In connection with the enforcement of any of the Terms and Conditions governing the Happy Skin Rewards Program, Summers Laboratories reserves the right to take appropriate legal action, as it deems necessary, and to recover damages, attorneys’ fees and court costs.
Our failure to insist upon or enforce Your strict compliance with these Terms and Conditions will not constitute a waiver of any of Our rights.
Taxes may apply where required by law. You shall be responsible for any taxes that you may incur for receiving and/or redeeming Rewards.
All determinations by Summers Laboratories, Inc.  shall be final and conclusive in each case.
Happy Skin Rewards Program – Refer a Friend Terms & Conditions
General Information
Please Don’t Spam!
Summers Laboratories discourages spamming. By participating in ‘Refer a Friend’, you agree to these ‘Refer a Friend’ terms and conditions:
Only Friends & Family: You must only send referral messages to close friends and family.
The Offer:
If you hold a Happy Skin Rewards referral account, your reward when your friend is approved will be 100 Points. Your friend will receive a $5.00 Credit when they Make a Purchase on sumlab.com.
Reward Points are earned and added to your Happy Skin Rewards Program account in accordance with and subject to the Happy Skin Rewards Points/Credits Terms and Conditions available at sumlab.com/reward points. Conversion rates and exclusions may apply.
Your friend must use the referral link we have given you. If your friend accesses the sumlab.com website from a separate link or applies independently (i.e. if they visit sumlab.com/refer-a-friend directly) you will not receive your points.
You will only receive points if your friend’s purchase is approved. (Note: We will not tell you if your friend’s purchase is declined for privacy and confidentiality reasons.)
You cannot refer a friend who already has an account.
You must be enrolled in Happy Skin Rewards to receive your Referral points.
You must not market or promote this offer through paid advertising channels or to the public at large (i.e. on public blog sites, search engines or in sponsored ads).
Why should I comply?
If you fail to comply with these ‘Refer a Friend’ Terms and Conditions, your participation in the program may be cancelled and you will no longer be eligible for any Reward Points from the ‘Refer a Friend’ program.
Click to return to the top of the page