http://www.primogrill.com/en-us/legal-stuff
Primo Legal Statement
Home
Products
Charcoal Grills
Gas Grill
Primo GO
All-In-One Series
Accessories
Grill Tables
Replacement Parts
Store Finder
Explore
Warranty
Recipes
Primo University
Buying Guide
New to Primo
Events
FAQ
Primo Story
Primo Grill Forum
Friends of Primo
Testimonials
Resources
Care & Maintenance
FAQ
Downloads
Register Your Primo
Warranty
Replacement Parts
Knowledge Base
Press
Contact
Comments/Questions
Marketing Inquiry
Warranty Claim
Warranty Info
Become a Dealer
Dealer Login
Replacement Parts
Legal Stuff Privacy StatementEmpire Comfort Systems, Inc. (ECS) is committed to responsible information handling practices. You can visit any of the pages on our site without giving us any information about yourself, but sometimes we need information to contact you (e.g. contact form, warranty claim, dealer application, etc.). This privacy statement explains data collection and use in those situations. By visiting our website, you consent to the information practices described in this policy.Linked SitesOur website may contain links to other sites that are operated by third parties. We encourage you to read the privacy policies of those other sites to learn how they collect and use information about you.Information You Provide to UsWe may obtain personally identifiable information about you ONLY if you elect to give us that information. Types of personally identifiable information we ask you to provide may include the following: Name, Address, Zip code, Telephone number, Title, E-mail address, Organization (where applicable).Information Collected AutomaticallyWhen you visit our website, we automatically collect information about your visit that does not identify you personally. We can tell the type of computer, browser, and web service you are using. We also know the date, time, and pages you visit. Collecting this information helps us design the site to better suit your needs.Cookies and other TechnologiesA cookie is a small data file that a website may send to your browser and which may then be stored on your hard drive. Our websites use cookies to simulate a continuous connection —cookies let us "remember" information about your preferences and session, and allow you to move within areas of our websites without reintroducing yourself. No personally identifiable information is stored in these cookies.Our website may also use other technologies to track which pages on our websites our visitors view. This non-identifiable click-stream data helps us understand how visitors use our website.AdRollPrimo Ceramic Grills works with AdRoll retargeting, who uses technology including web beacons and cookies to collect data about our website usage and to improve the effectiveness of our marketing. Data recorded through the use of this technology is aggregated and shared with us.
No personally identifiable information about you is collected or shared by AdRoll with Primo. You can opt-out of AdRoll and their partners by visiting this link.As you browse the Primo website, advertising cookies will be placed on your computer so that we can understand what you are interested in. Our display advertising partner, AdRoll, then enables us to present you with retargeting advertising on other sites based on your previous interaction with primogrill.com. The techniques our partners employ do not collect personal information such as your name, email address, postal address or telephone number. You can visit this page to opt out of AdRoll and their partners' targeted advertising.Advertising PartnersSome of our advertising partners may use cookies and web beacons on our site. While each of these advertising partners has their own Privacy Policy for their site, an updated and hyperlinked resource is maintained here: Our advertising partners include:Google - Google Privacy PolicyFacebook - Facebook Privacy PolicyAdRoll - AdRoll Privacy PolicyThese third-party ad servers or ad networks use technology in their respective advertisements and links that appear on primogrill.com website and which are sent directly to your browser. They automatically receive your IP address when this occurs. Other technologies (such as cookies, JavaScript, or Web Beacons) may also be used by our site's third-party ad networks to measure the effectiveness of their advertising campaigns and/or to personalize the advertising content that you see on the site. The primogrill.com website does not have access to or control these cookies that are used by third-party advertisers.Terms and ConditionsECS presents the information on this website as a service to its customers and other internet users. CCT makes no warranty or guarantee concerning the accuracy or reliability of the content of this site or other sites to which this site links. Any unauthorized downloading or distribution of any copyrighted material from this site or from sites to which this site links, without the copyright owner's permission, is strictly prohibited.You should assume that everything that you see or read on this site is copyrighted unless otherwise noted and may not be copied, reproduced, distributed, modified, published, downloaded, posted, or transmitted in any way, without the prior written consent of ECS or other copyright owner, EXCEPT: You may print copies of the material for your personal, noncommercial use only, provided that you do not delete or change any copyright, trademark, or other proprietary notices. Unless otherwise indicated, all marks displayed on CCT internet sites are subject to the trademark rights of ECS. Modifying, distributing or using for any purpose the material of this site which is copyrighted or otherwise protected under intellectual property laws directly violates ECS's intellectual property rights. The material contained in this website is copyrighted, is protected by worldwide copyright laws and treaty provisions, and is provided for lawful purposes only.ECS makes no warranty or guarantee concerning the accuracy or reliability of the content at this site or other sites to which the site links. All information concerning products are based on current information at the time of programming. ECS reserves the right to make changes at any time, without notice, in the information contained on this internet site, including without limitation. ECS DOES NOT WARRANT THAT THE WEBSITE SERVICE WILL BE UNINTERRUPTED OR ERROR-FREE OR THAT ANY INFORMATION, SOFTWARE OR OTHER MATERIAL AVAILABLE ON OR ACCESSIBLE THROUGH THE WEBSITE IS FREE OF VIRUSES, WORMS, TROJAN HORSES, OR OTHER HARMFUL COMPONENTS. THIS EXCLUSION OF IMPLIED WARRANTIES MAY NOT APPLY TO YOU, TO THE EXTENT THAT APPLICABLE LAW MAY NOT ALLOW THE EXCLUSION OF IMPLIED WARRANTIES.UNDER NO CIRCUMSTANCES SHALL ECS BE LIABLE FOR ANY DIRECT, INDIRECT, INCIDENTAL, SPECIAL, PUNITIVE OR CONSEQUENTIAL DAMAGES THAT RESULT IN ANY WAY FROM YOUR USE OF OR INABILITY TO USE THE WEBSITE OR YOUR RELIANCE ON OR USE OF INFORMATION, SERVICES OR MERCHANDISE PROVIDED ON OR THROUGH THE WEBSITE, OR THAT RESULT FROM MISTAKES, OMISSIONS, INTERRUPTIONS, DELETION OF FILES, ERRORS, DEFECTS, DELAYS IN OPERATION, OR TRANSMISSION, OR ANY FAILURE OF PERFORMANCE. THIS EXCLUSION ON CONSEQUENTIAL AND INCIDENTAL DAMAGES MAY NOT APPLY TO YOU, TO THE EXTENT THAT APPLICABLE LAW MAY NOT ALLOW THE EXCLUSION OF CONSEQUENTIAL AND INCIDENTAL DAMAGES. ECS's total liability to you for all losses, damages, and causes of action (in contract, tort (including without limitation negligence), or otherwise) will not be greater than the direct incremental amount, if any, you paid specifically to access this site.YOU AGREE TO DEFEND, INDEMNIFY, AND HOLD ECS HARMLESS FROM ANY AND ALL LIABILITIES, COSTS, AND EXPENSES, INCLUDING REASONABLE ATTORNEYS' FEES, RELATED TO ANY VIOLATION OF THESE TERMS AND CONDITIONS BY YOU.All information contained at this website is intended for the USA market only. This website is controlled, maintained, and serviced by ECS within the State of Georgia, United States of America. This website can be accessed from all 50 states, as well as from other countries around the world. As each of these places has laws that may differ from those of Georgia, by accessing this website both you and ECS agree that the statutes and laws of the State of Georgia, without regard to conflicts of laws principles, will apply to all matters relating to the use of this website. You and ECS also agree, and hereby submit to, the exclusive personal jurisdiction and venue of the Circuit Court of Dekalb County, Georgia, and the United States District Court of Georgia with respect to such matters. ECS makes no representation that the information and materials in this website are appropriate or available for use in other locations, and access to them from territories where their contents are illegal is prohibited. Those who choose to access this website from other locations do so on their own initiative and are responsible for compliance with applicable local laws. You may not use or export the materials in this website in violation of U.S. export laws and regulations.All remarks, questions, suggestions, ideas, graphics, data or other information communicated to ECS directly through this website or e-mail will become the exclusive property of ECS, and is, and will be treated as, nonconfidential and nonproprietary. Without limitation, anything you transmit, submit, or post becomes the exclusive property of ECS, and may be used for any purpose, including, but not limited to, reproduction, transmission, publication, broadcast, and posting. Furthermore, ECS is free to use any ideas, concepts, know-how, or techniques contained in any communication you send to this website for any purpose whatsoever, including, but not limited to, developing and marketing products using such information, and ECS will not incur any liability as a result of any similarities to the communicated materials that may appear in its products, business or services. Additionally, through your usage of this website you may submit and/or ECS may gather certain information about you and your website usage. ECS is free to use this information for any purpose it deems appropriate, including, but not limited to, marketing purposes.ECS reserves the right, in its sole and exclusive discretion, to revise these terms and conditions at any time. All revisions shall be posted on this page. Since you are bound by all revisions made by ECS, you should review this page each time you connect to ECS's website. It is important that you fully read and understand the terms and conditions you are agreeing to be bound by, when you use this site.Contacting this websiteIf you have any questions about this privacy statement, the practices of this site, or your dealings with this website, please use our contact page. Contact UsPrimo Ceramic Grills USA918 Freeburg AvenueBelleville, Il 62220 1-(800) 851-3153 email USAPrimo Ceramic Grills Europe +30-698-5777884 email EUResourcesBrochuresWarrantyLegal StuffSupportNew to PrimoContactDealer PortalDealer LoginBecome a Dealer Follow Us
facebook
youtube
twitter
primo forum
pinterest
instagram ©2019 Empire Comfort Systems, Inc. All rights reserved. Subject to change without notice.