http://www.spicentice.com/pages/terms-and-conditions
x
Home
Meal Kits
All products
Saver Bundles
American
BBQs
Far East
Indian
Jamaican
Mexican
Moroccan
Mediterranean
Portuguese
Spanish
Thai
Turkish
Vegan & Vegetarian
WORLD'S HOTTEST CURRY
Subscribe & Save
Rubs & Seasonings
Bundles
Chillies
Gifts
FAQs
Home
/
Terms & Conditions
Terms & Conditions
Prices
All prices shown are in UK Pound Sterling.
Delivery & Shipping
We will take all reasonable steps to deliver your order to your door within 2-5 working days from date of dispatch. However, we cannot accept liability to you in respect of any failure to deliver within this timescale – neither can we guarantee delivery on a particular day. Should we not be able to deliver within the timescale above, we will inform you and offer you the option of a refund.
Our UK deliveries are delivered via Royal Mail 48hr post (allow 3-5 working days for delivery) or our other courier for parcels.
Standard Delivery Charge £2.59 on orders below £20 for UK Mainland delivery.
FREE DELIVERY on every order over £20 for UK Mainland delivery.
Next Day Courier £6.50 orders before 12pm to receive next day except Saturdays, (for all UK orders). Outside of mainland UK, sometimes it may take longer.
Ireland deliveries are tracked.
European deliveries - Delivered via Royal Mail - European Air Mail.
£3.50 flat rate, each additional item will incur £0.50 charge to the delivery.
World Wide deliveries: via World Wide Air Mail.
£4.50 flat rate, each additional item will incur £1.00 charge to the delivery.
As ever, we always aim to do what we’ve promised and endeavour not to let you down. If mistakes happen we always put them right as soon as possible. We cannot however take responsibility for delays in delivery by Royal Mail outside of our control including industrial action, unexpected force majeure and subsequent disruption to the service.
Acceptance of these Terms & Conditions
By accessing, or purchasing from, the Spicentice website you are governed by these Terms & Conditions. We aim to always give you excellent service. However, if you have received an order with which you are not entirely satisfied, please do not read any further … simply contact us straight away and we’ll do all we can to put things right. Just telephone us on 0116 2621074 or EMAIL US and we'll get back to you as soon as we can.
Cancellation
We understand that occasionally customers need to cancel their order and we do everything we can to make this process easy for you. If you wish to cancel your order because you have changed your mind, simply contact us with your intention within 14 days of the original order date (you then need to return the product (s in its original sellable condition) within 14 days of advising us of your intention).
Contact us by EMAIL or telephone on 0116 2621074. We're available between 9am and 5pm Monday to Friday. If your order has already been dispatched, don't worry, you can still return the items to us in accordance with our Returns & Refunds Policy below.
We also reserve the right at our absolute discretion to refuse any orders or subscriptions at any time without giving any reasons for our decision. We also reserve the right not to authorise a re-order/ subscription.
Returns and Refunds
Faulty products: Under the Consumer Rights Act you have a right to reject goods that are unsatisfactory quality, unfit for purpose or not as described, and get a full refund up to 30 days from receipt. If possible, please advise us of any problems within 7 working days of receipt so we can put things right as soon as we can. Subject to inspection and acceptance by us, we will refund or provide a replacement as applicable.
Non-faulty products: To be reasonable, if non-faulty goods have been returned within 14 days to us and are in a non re-sellable condition, we reserve the right to refuse a refund - we're sure you'll understand that. Also, please note we can only make refunds in all instances via the credit/debit card used for the original transaction.
We're afraid we cannot refund the cost of postage incurred by returning the item(s) to us, nor refund the original cost of delivery, unless of course we agree that you have received damaged or faulty goods. If the items are damaged or appear faulty, please return them to us at the address below (or send us a photograph in the first instance):
Spicentice Ltd, Po Box 7950, Leicester, LE4 7WY
Data Protection & Privacy Statement
We always protect your privacy and we will only use the information that we collect about you lawfully (in accordance with the Data Protection Act 1998) and will not reveal any information whatsoever to any third party under any circumstances. Promise.
Customer Support and Service
If you need to contact us on any customer support or service issue, Spicentice can be contacted by on 0116 2621074, 9:00am - 5:00 pm Monday - Friday or EMAIL US.
Complaint Procedure
On receiving any complaint, Spicentice will respond promptly and take appropriate action without delay. We shall acknowledge any complaint within five working days and endeavour to resolve the matter with you within fifteen working days. If we are unable to resolve the matter within this time, we will notify you and keep you informed of further progress.
Legal Liability
The contract for the sale of goods or services by Spicentice Limited from this website shall be exclusively subject to, governed by, construed and interpreted in accordance with English law. The courts of England and Wales shall have exclusive jurisdiction in respect of them and any disputes or claims arising out of or in connection with them. These Terms & Conditions do not affect your statutory rights as a consumer.
Registered Office and Copyright
Content of the Spicentice website may not be stored or reproduced in any form whatsoever without the prior written permission of Spicentice Limited.
Spicentice Limited is registered in England No: 5370871 VAT REG NO: 864813109
Loading...
Error
is added to your shopping cart.
is added to your wish list.
Continue Shopping
Go to basket
Go To Wishlist
Close
Back to top