https://www.englinsfinefootwear.com/privacy-security/
(800) 705-7463(800) 705-7463 Mon-Fri 9am-6pm Eastern.
FREE Shipping Free Returns, For One Year
Secure Checkout Worry Free Shopping
Home
PoliciesPrivacy & Security
Privacy & Security
Privacy Policy
EnglinsFineFootwear.com respects your privacy and is committed to protecting it. We will not sell, trade, or rent any of your personal information to any third party. If you have further questions regarding site security, please feel free to contact us.
During registration for your customer account, we collect and implement your personal data in order to finalize the order process, as well as customize your personal shopping experience, and contact you for marketing purposes (only if you opt-in). In subscribing for a newsletter you agree that Englin’s Fine Footwear located at 5794 W Kilgore Ave. Muncie, IN 47304 may use the data you entered to inform you by e-mail about the contents and/or products selected by you. You may revoke your consent at any time with effect for the future, either by written notice or by email to customerservice@englinsfinefootwear.com. You may also unsubscribe from any newsletter via the link provided at the end of each newsletter. We transfer your data to our service providers only for data administration and hosting purposes. Your credit card and billing information is always encrypted and is never included in data that's shared.
Site Security
All of your transactions are protected by SSL encryption software. We guarantee that every purchase you make at www.englinsfinefootwear.com is 100% safe.
Protect Your Personal Information
At times, we may send you an email or contact you via telephone about your order. In the event that you are contacted, please note the following:
We will only contact you if it is necessary we speak with you to continue your order. On rare occasions, a single number miskeyed in a zip code or credit card number will prevent order processing or, as credit card authorization is secured at the time of shipment, it is possible that payment is declined. If you receive an email and/or voicemail regarding the necessity of your contact, call us at 1-800-705-SHOE (7463) as soon as possible to continue your order.
Always get a name. When regarding personal and/or sensitive information, always know the name of the person you are talking to.
Do not email sensitive information. As a general rule, never send your credit card information via email as they can be easily intercepted by outside sources.
We will NEVER request sensitive information be sent via email! If you receive any suspicious request claiming association with Englin's, EnglinsFineFootwear.com, and/or Mosser's Shoes, Inc. outside this policy, please contact us at 1-800-705-SHOE (7463). We will never request sensitive personal identification such as Social Security, EIN, Drivers License, or Mother's maiden name.
We will NEVER contact you via our Online Chat or any other form of third-party instant messaging program. Never give anyone sensitive information about your order via online chat. If you are contacted by a party requesting sensitive information about your order (address, full name, credit card, etc.) or past business with Englin's, EnglinsFineFootwear.com, or Mosser's Shoes, Inc., either through our Online Chat or any other form of instant messaging (AOL, Yahoo!, etc.), the party is committing fraud. Leave the conversation open and immediately call us toll-free at 1-800-705-SHOE (7463). We also do not accept Orders through LiveChat.
For more information, please contact us at customerservice@englinsfinefootwear.com or 1-800-705-7463.
Loading... Please wait...
×
×