http://www.janeravenglass.co.uk/privacy
Jane Raven - Privacy
Hand crafted Glass and Stone - Jane Raven
Studio 23, 27 Beaverhall Road, Edinburgh EH7 4JE
M: 07768 988603
HomeGalleriesPressMail OrderContactTermsPrivacyCookie PolicySpecial
Privacy Policy
Jane Raven ("us", "we", or "our") operates this website. This page informs you of our policies regarding the collection, use and disclosure of Personal Information we receive from users of the Site.
We use your Personal Information only for providing and improving the site. By using the site, you agree to the collection and use of information in accordance with this policy.
Information Collection And Use
While using our site, we may ask you to provide us with certain personally identifiable information that can be used to contact or identify you. Personally identifiable information may include, but is not limited to your name ("Personal Information").
Jane Raven respects and vigorously maintains your privacy when you visit this site.
Ordinarily, we do not ask you to give us any personal information. If you choose to furnish us with your email address, e-mail us or complete an online form, we will not pass on this information to third parties. Any personal information collected through this website will be treated as confidential in accordance with the Data Protection Act 1998.
Log Data
Like many site operators, we collect information that your browser sends whenever you visit our Site ("Log Data").
This Log Data may include information such as your computer's Internet Protocol ("IP") address, browser type, browser version, the pages of our site that you visit, the time and date of your visit, the time spent on those pages and other statistics.
In addition, we may use third party services such as Google Analytics that collect, monitor and analyze this. This information is anonymised and cannot be attributed to you.
Communications
We may (now, or at some time in the future) seek to use your Personal Information to contact you with newsletters, marketing or promotional materials and other information that may be relevant to you. You will not be sent this information without your consent, which you are free to withdraw at any time. Should you withdraw your consent to receive communications from us, your Personal Information will be deleted.
Cookies
Cookies are small text files which are stored temporarily on your hard drive when you visit a website. By accepting cookies and continuing to use this website with cookies enabled, you agree to our use of cookies.
Generally, we use cookies for two reasons:
Firstly, we gather anonymous statistics via Google Analytics. This helps us to find out how the site is accessed and used, which in turn allows us to develop and improve our site. The information collected does not identify any user personally.
Secondly, some of the features of this site may use cookies to enable functionality within certain sections. None of these cookies provide any personal information to us. You are, of course, free to disable cookies on your browser, but please be advised that doing so may cause some sections of the site to function incorrectly or not at all.
For further information on cookies and our use of them, please refer to our Cookie Policy.
Security
The security of your Personal Information is important to us, but remember that no method of transmission over the Internet, or method of electronic storage, is 100% secure. While we strive to use commercially acceptable means to protect your Personal Information, we cannot guarantee its absolute security.
External links
Within this site there may be links to other sites which are not controlled by this Privacy Policy. Should you access any of these sites, do please note that they have their own privacy policies which you should always inspect.
We reserve the right to modify or update this Privacy Policy at any time, without notice. Contact Us
If you have any questions about this Privacy Policy, please contact us.
Contact Jane
Please include your Name and Address in your message. Thank you.
Email:Subject:Message:How many eyes do most people have (eg:3)?
terms & conditions
|
Privacy Policy|
Cookie Policy
site content © 2014 - 2020 Jane Raven