https://www.taylorandng.com/privacy-policy
Home
Privacy Policy Taylor & Ng coffee mugs to kitchen aprons, pot holders, and dishtowels
Privacy Policy
Copyright Notice
All of the Content you see on this Web site, including, for example, all of the page headers, images, illustrations, graphics, audio clips, video clips, and text, are subject to trademark, service mark, trade dress, copyright and/or other intellectual property rights or licenses held by Taylor & Ng, one of its affiliates or by third parties who have licensed their materials to Taylor & Ng. The entire Content of the taylorandng.com Web site is copyrighted as a collective work under U.S. copyright laws, and Taylor & Ng owns a copyright in the selection, coordination, arrangement and enhancement of the Content. The Content of the taylorandng.com Web site, and the site as a whole, are intended solely for personal, noncommercial use by the users of our site. You may download, print and store selected portions of the Content, provided you (1) only use these copies of the Content for your own personal, non-commercial use, (2) do not copy or post the Content on any network computer or broadcast the Content in any media, and (3) do not modify or alter the Content in any way, or delete or change any copyright or trademark notice. No right, title or interest in any downloaded materials is transferred to you as a result of any such downloading. Taylor & Ng reserves complete title and full intellectual property rights in any Content you download from this Web site. Except as noted above, you may not copy, download, reproduce, modify, publish, distribute, transmit, transfer or create derivative works from the Content without first obtaining written permission from Taylor & Ng.
Product Information
The prices displayed on this site are quoted in U.S. Dollars.
Currency conversion rates for international orders will be effective at the time the credit card transaction is processed.
Disclaimer
This site and all contents of this site are provided on an "as is" basis without warranties of any kind, either express or implied, including without limitation warranties of title or implied warranties of merchantability or fitness for a particular purpose. You acknowledge, by your use of this site, that your use of this site is at your sole risk, that you assume full responsibility for all costs associated with all necessary servicing or repairs of any equipment you use in connection with your use of our site, and that Taylor & Ng shall not be liable for any damages of any kind related to your use of this site. There may be typographical errors, inaccuracies, or omissions that may relate to product descriptions, pricing, and availability. Taylor & Ng reserves the right to correct any errors, inaccuracies or omissions and to change or update information at any time without prior notice (including after you have submitted your order).
Indemnification
You agree to defend, indemnify and hold Taylor & Ng harmless from and against any and all claims, damages, costs and expenses, including attorneys’ fees, arising from or related to your use of the site.
Our Commitment to Privacy
We respect the privacy of your information. We provide this explanation about our online information practices as a show of our commitment to protect your privacy. We do not sell or rent or share or in any other way use personally-identifying information collected during your use of our Website without your permission.
The Information We Collect
At the time you make a purchase request or agree to participate in a promotion, we collect and store your name, address, credit card numbers and other personally-identifying information.
The customer information we collect is categorized as follows:
* Application Information--information that you provide to us through our Website and through other means. Examples include your physical address, zip code and phone number.
* Transaction and Experience Information--information about your transactions with us, as well as information about our communications with you. Examples include your account history, requests for information and our responses.
* Information from Outside Sources--information from outside sources regarding your credit card transaction.
We need this information to provide goods and services that you request and to let you know of additional goods and services about which you might be interested.
We also use this information to customize your experience using our Website.
We may ask you for personally-identifying information at other times, such as if you enter into a promotion, post a classified ad, communicate with us, or complete a survey. If you opt-in to receive information regarding a promotion, you give us your permission to share your name and e-mail address with the third party offering the promotion.
In addition, we automatically gather general statistical information about our Website and visitors, such as IP addresses, browsers, pages viewed, number of visitors, goods and services purchased, etc., but in doing so we do not reference you by individual name, e-mail address, home address, or telephone number. We use this data in the aggregate to determine how much our customers use parts of our site so we can improve our site. We may provide this statistical information to third parties, but when we do so we do not provide personally-identifying information without your permission.
As part of our service, we use “cookies” and similar technology to store and sometimes track information about you. A cookie is a small amount of data that is sent to your browser from a web server and stored on your computer's hard drive. Generally, we use cookies to remind us who you are and enable us to access your account information so you do not have to re-enter it; gather statistical information about usage by registered or unregistered users, research visiting patterns, and help target advertisements based on user interests; assist our retail partners track visits and process orders; and track progress and participation in promotions. In some instances, our retail partners and advertisers appearing at our site may use their own cookies. Preference and options configurations in your browser determine if and how a cookie will be accepted. You can change those configurations on your computer if you desire. By changing your preferences, you can accept all cookies, you can be notified when a cookie is set, or you can reject all cookies. If you do so and cookies are disabled, you may be required to re-enter your information more often and certain features of our site may be unavailable.
The Way We Use Information
We use your personally-identifying information to improve our marketing and promotional efforts, to statistically analyze site usage, to improve our content and product offerings and to customize our site's content, layout, and services.
We may use your information to deliver information to you that, in some cases, is targeted to your interests, such as targeted banners, new services and promotions. You can opt out of receiving this information by so indicating in your registration/preferences file. We may ask you to provide us voluntarily with additional information regarding your personal or business interests, experience or requests, which we may use to customize our service for you.
We use your e-mail address, your mailing address, and phone number to contact you regarding administrative notices, new product offerings and communications relevant to your use of the site. We will not send you promotions or announcements unless you give us permission to do so. You can opt out of receiving such contact by so indicating in your registration/preferences file.
If you place a request for products or services, we use information to ship your order; if the products or services are from a retail partner, we may provide your relevant information to that retailer for purposes of the transaction. If you establish a credit account with us or our providers, we collect additional information, including billing information, credit card number and expiration date, and tracking information from checks or money orders.
We may also use information to resolve disputes, investigate problems, or enforce our User Agreement. At times, we may review status or activity of multiple users to do so. We may disclose or access information whenever we believe in good faith that the law so requires or if we otherwise consider it necessary to do so to maintain service and improve our products and services.
We use your IP address to help diagnose problems with our server, to manage our Website and to enhance our site based on the usage pattern data we receive.
Security
We employ reasonable and current security methods to prevent unauthorized access, maintain data accuracy, and ensure correct use of information.
Your account information and profile are password-protected. We recommend that you do not divulge your password to anyone. Our personnel will never ask you for your password in an unsolicited phone call or in an unsolicited e-mail. Remember to sign out of your account and close your browser window when you have finished your session. This is to help ensure that others cannot access your personal information and correspondence if you share a computer with someone else or are using a computer in a public place where others may have access to it.
Whenever you voluntarily disclose personal information online--for example on message boards, through e-mail or in chat areas--that information can be collected and used by others.
No data transmission over the Internet or any wireless network can be guaranteed to be perfectly secure. As a result, while we try to protect your personal information, we cannot ensure or guarantee the security of any information you transmit to us, and you do so at your own risk.
How You Can Update, Correct or Delete Your Information
You can access the information that we collect online and maintain through normal updating methods. To update, correct or delete this information, you can contact us at info@taylorandng.com.
Your account can be deleted or deactivated, but doing so will result in your not being able to access member services.
Children Under 13
We have no way of distinguishing the age of individuals who access our Website, and so we carry out the same Privacy Policy for individuals of all ages.
If a child has provided us with personally-identifying information without parental or guardian consent, the parent or guardian should contact us to remove the information and opt out of promotional opportunities.
Third Party Practices
The Privacy Policy of an advertiser or promotional service appearing at our site may differ from ours. We encourage you to read that policy before responding to the offer.
Changes to Our Policy
This Privacy Policy became effective on August 9, 2012.
Any changes to our Privacy Policy will be communicated through our Website at least 30 days in advance of its effective date.
Information collected before changes are made will be secured according to the previous Privacy Policy.
Your Consent
By using our Website, you consent to the collection and use of this information in the manner we describe.
Information
About Us
Shipping and Terms
F.A.Q.
Privacy Policy
Site Map
Search Terms
Advanced Search
Orders and Returns
My account
Sign In
View Cart
My Wishlist
Track My Order
Help
Contacts
170 Rutledge St, San Francisco, CA 94110
Tel: 415.643.6810
Fax: 415.643.6859
info@taylorandng.com
Newsletter
Subscribe to the Taylor & Ng mailing list to receive updates on new arrivals, special offers and other discount information.
Sign Up for Our Newsletter:
Subscribe
©
Taylor & Ng Kitchen. Webmaster: JinCart web & app