https://www.crownmoldings.net/privacy-information
HomeStoreSearchCollectionsClassic CeilingsFocal PointOrac DecorChemcrestSpectisNMCHistorical CollectionsPromotionsDecor FinderSupportF.A.Q.Contact UsInstallationInstallation VideosAccount LoginAboutShowroomStore PoliciesOrdering & ShippingPrivacy Information
Shopping Cart
Recently Viewed Items
|
Cart Empty
Recently Viewed Items
You have not viewed any items recently.
Your Shopping Cart
Your shopping cart is currently empty.
If you would like to make a purchase today, add items to your shopping cart.
Contact UsVisit Us
Search Term
Categories
Ceiling Elements
Ceiling Medallions
Extra Small Ceiling Medallions (Under 10 in.)
Small Ceiling Medallions (10 in. - 20 in.)
Medium Ceiling Medallions (20 in. - 30 in.)
Large Ceiling Medallions (30 in. - 40 in.)
Extra Large Ceiling Medallions (Over 40 in.)
Non-Elliptical Medallions
Quick Clip Medallions
K-ease Medallion System
Domes
Rims
Rosettes
Mouldings
Crown Moldings
Extra Small Crown Mouldings
(Under 2 in.)
Small Crown Mouldings (2 in. - 4 in.)
Medium Crown Mouldings (4 in. - 6 in.)
Large Crown Mouldings (6 in. - 8 in.)
Extra Large Crown Mouldings (Over 8 in.)
Quick Clip Crown Moldings
Chair Rails
Casings
Friezes
Multifunctional Trims
Panel Molding
Panel Molding
Panel Molding Corners
Baseboards
Flexible Molding
Flexible Baseboards
Flexible Crown Moldings
Flexible Chair Rails & Panel Moldings
Moulding Accessories
Entry & Window Systems
Entry Systems
Capitals
Crossheads
Pediments
Pilasters
Plinths
Window Headers
Keystones
Columns
Round Full Columns
Round Plain Full Columns
Round Fluted Full Columns
Round Full Column Caps and Bases
Round Half Columns
Round Plain Half Columns
Round Fluted Half Columns
Round Half Column Caps and Bases
Architectural Elements
Accents
Corbels
Louvers
Cathedral
Octagon
Oval
Peaked
Rectangular
Round
Triangle
Others
Niches
Shelves & Mantels
Stair Brackets
Adhesives & Tools
Decorative Kits
Privacy Information
Effective: March 4, 2006
Classic Ceilings Privacy Statement
Contents:
Introduction
The Information We Collect
Contact Us
Cookies
Information Automatically Collected
Personal Information Sharing
Access To Your Personal Information
Security
Links To Other Websites
Changes In This Privacy Statement
Privacy Statement Compliance
Introduction
Protecting personal information is a core Classic Ceilings value. Your privacy
is important to us. To better protect your privacy we provide this notice explaining
our online information practices and the choices available to you regarding
Classic Ceilings' use of your personal information and the steps you can
take to access this information and to request that we correct or delete it.
To make this notice easy to find, we make it available on our homepage and at
every point where personally identifiable information may be requested. This
privacy statement describes how Classic Ceilings collects and uses the personal
information you provide on our website: www.crownmoldings.net.
The Information We Collect
This notice applies to all information collected or submitted on the Classic
Ceilings website, www.crownmoldings.net. On some pages, you can order products, make requests, and
register to receive materials. The types of personal information collected on
these pages are:
Name
Address
Email address
Phone number
Credit/Debit Card Information
Contact Us
If you submit personal information, such as your email address, to us by following
the "Contact Us" links located throughout our site, we will use
that information to respond to your question or request for information. We
will not share your information with third parties by any means.
You can also contact us by sending an email to us by visiting the contact page or by writing
us at the following address:
902 E. Commonwealth Avenue
Fullerton, CA 92831
Cookies
A "cookie" is a small text file that a website can place on your
computer's hard drive in order, for example, to collect information about your
activities on the site or to make it easier to use certain site functions. The
cookie transmits this information back to the website's computer. Many users
do not know that "cookies" are being placed on their computers when
they visit websites. If you want to know when this happens, or prevent it from
happening, you can set your browser to warn you when a website attempts to
place a "cookie" on your computer.
We use cookies on our website in the following way:
When you add an item to your shopping cart we use cookies to keep track of
the item and subsequent items. We use cookies in order to identify you and retrieve
your cart information without you having to re-enter it each time you visit
our site.
Information Automatically Collected By Our Site
Our servers automatically collect certain non-personally identifying information,
such as your computer's IP address, the type of browser in use, and pages
viewed, when you visit our site. We use this information to understand how visitors
navigate through our site, to enhance your experience while using our site,
make the materials we post as valuable to visitors as possible, diagnose problems
with our server, and to administer our site. We do not link this information
to personally identifiable information. IP addresses are recorded by the shopping
cart system and will be used to trace fraudulent purchases.
Personal Information Sharing
We use the information you provide about yourself when placing an order only
to complete that order. We do not share this information with outside parties
except to the extent necessary to complete that order. We do not sell or trade
our customer's or potential customer's information to other businesses or individuals.
We will not send emails unrelated to your order and we will not put you on any
type of email list. That is not our way of business. We believe that our quality
products, competitive prices and service should be enough to bring you back.
If an item is drop shipped from the manufacturer, your name, address and telephone
number is given to that company so they can fill and deliver your order. We
will share your personal information if we are required to do so by law, or
if we believe that doing so is necessary in order to conform to the law, cooperate
with law enforcement agencies, comply with legal process served on Classic Ceilings,
or otherwise protect Classic Ceilings' legal rights.
Access To Your Personal Information
Classic Ceilings will provide you reasonable access to your personally identifiable
information, at no cost to you, within 30 days of your access request. If we
cannot provide access within the 30-day period, we will tell you when we will
provide access. In the unlikely event that we cannot provide you access to this
information, we will explain why we cannot do so. To request access to your
personally identifying information, contact us by sending an email to us by visiting the contact page or by writing us at the following address:
902 E. Commonwealth Avenue
Fullerton, CA 92831
Security
Providing security for the personal information you submit via our site is
a top priority for Classic Ceilings. We use 128-bit Secure Socket Layer (SSL)
encryption for information you provide during our checkout process. Please be
aware, however, that no transmission of information via the Internet can be
entirely secure. You should, therefore, always use caution when submitting personal
information online. We take commercially reasonable steps to provide security
for your information once we receive it and we do not store financial information
like credit card numbers on our site.
Links To Other Websites
Our site may include links to other websites whose privacy practices may differ
from those of Classic Ceilings. If you submit personal information to any of
those site, your information is subject to their privacy statements. Classic
Ceilings' privacy statement does not apply to information you may submit
to those site. We encourage you to carefully read the privacy statement of any
website you visit.
Changes In This Privacy Statement
If we change this privacy statement in ways that affect the personally identifying
information we have collected through our site, we will post those changes in
this space and advise you of choices you may have as a result of those changes.
Privacy Statement Compliance
If you feel that Classic Ceilings has not complied with this privacy statement
or if you have questions about this privacy statement, please contact us by visiting the contact page or write to us at the following address:
902 E. Commonwealth Avenue
Fullerton, CA 92831
Related Pages
Classic Ceilings Store Policies
902 E Commonwealth Ave Fullerton, California 92831   -  Tel: 800.992.8700 | 714.526.8062   Fax: 714.870.5972
© 2020 Classic Ceilings Corporation - All rights reserved worldwide
Mobile / Full Site
View Mobile Site