https://www.attitudecustompainting.com/privacy-policy/
Skip to content
Privacy Policy
Who we are
Our website address is: https://www.attitudecustompainting.com/wp.
What personal data we collect and why we collect it
Comments
When visitors leave comments on the site we collect the data shown in the comments form, and also the visitor’s IP address and browser user agent string to help spam detection.
An anonymized string created from your email address (also called a hash) may be provided to the Gravatar service to see if you are using it. The Gravatar service privacy policy is available here: https://automattic.com/privacy/. After approval of your comment, your profile picture is visible to the public in the context of your comment.
Media
If you upload images to the website, you should avoid uploading images with embedded location data (EXIF GPS) included. Visitors to the website can download and extract any location data from images on the website.
Contact forms
Cookies
If you leave a comment on our site you may opt-in to saving your name, email address and website in cookies. These are for your convenience so that you do not have to fill in your details again when you leave another comment. These cookies will last for one year.
If you have an account and you log in to this site, we will set a temporary cookie to determine if your browser accepts cookies. This cookie contains no personal data and is discarded when you close your browser.
When you log in, we will also set up several cookies to save your login information and your screen display choices. Login cookies last for two days, and screen options cookies last for a year. If you select “Remember Me”, your login will persist for two weeks. If you log out of your account, the login cookies will be removed.
If you edit or publish an article, an additional cookie will be saved in your browser. This cookie includes no personal data and simply indicates the post ID of the article you just edited. It expires after 1 day.
Embedded content from other websites
Articles on this site may include embedded content (e.g. videos, images, articles, etc.). Embedded content from other websites behaves in the exact same way as if the visitor has visited the other website.
These websites may collect data about you, use cookies, embed additional third-party tracking, and monitor your interaction with that embedded content, including tracking your interaction with the embedded content if you have an account and are logged in to that website.
Analytics
Who we share your data with
How long we retain your data
If you leave a comment, the comment and its metadata are retained indefinitely. This is so we can recognize and approve any follow-up comments automatically instead of holding them in a moderation queue.
For users that register on our website (if any), we also store the personal information they provide in their user profile. All users can see, edit, or delete their personal information at any time (except they cannot change their username). Website administrators can also see and edit that information.
What rights you have over your data
If you have an account on this site, or have left comments, you can request to receive an exported file of the personal data we hold about you, including any data you have provided to us. You can also request that we erase any personal data we hold about you. This does not include any data we are obliged to keep for administrative, legal, or security purposes.
Where we send your data
Visitor comments may be checked through an automated spam detection service.
Your contact information
Additional information
How we protect your data
What data breach procedures we have in place
What third parties we receive data from
What automated decision making and/or profiling we do with user data
Industry regulatory disclosure requirements
Follow:
Harley Parts For Sale SectionNeed some parts for your bike?
Stretched saddlebags, wrap front fenders
21, 23, 26,
fenders, tanks, sets
GIFT ideas....much more
See the Harley parts for sale section HERE
Auto Body Tools Store
Search our website
Search for:
Attitude Custom Painting Inc.
4.8
Based on 37 reviews
John Rode 23:31 09 Nov 20
What’s the avg price for a regular paint job on a bagger? Ultra Classic?
Scott Buxton 21:06 27 Oct 20
I had my HD FatBoy
painted it came out perfect, Scott
exceeded my expectations on price & quality pleasure to do...
business with , highly recommend.read more
william cintron 11:20 27 Oct 20
Excellent paint shop.
Brad Duderstadt 20:14 14 Jun 20
Had my wife's 2018 H-D Softail Street Bob custom painted. The paint job turned out flawless and looks incredible....
Pricing is very reasonable for a custom paint job. Scott and Jody at Attitude Custom Painting are awesome to work with. They are very responsive and professional. Would definitely do business with again without hesitation.read more
Jonas Kelley 19:16 20 Feb 20
Top notch operation.
First off, they always answer the phone and take the time to walk you through the work being...
done. Want an update?
Give them a call and someone will tell you exactly what step in the process is being done.
I took a very curvaceous Ducati tank in with a fist size crash dent.
They took the tank same day and gave a very reasonable 5 day estimate and got it done in that time .
Scott repaired the dent and resprayed the tank for me.
The paint shines better than new.
Bonus: they’re actually nice and personable unlike the grease monkeys I usually deal with.read more
Bart Varacchi 23:41 22 Jan 20
After researching top notch painters in the Tampa Bay area, I chose to use Attitude Custom Painting. I met with Scott...
and his wife Jody and explained exactly what I was wanting him to do for me. I brought him all my Harley Davidson Street Glide custom parts after meeting with them. My fiancé and I explained how important it was to us that this paint job needed to be perfect. When the work was completed, in a timely manner, Scott had us come to the shop to inspect and pick up all parts. I have to say we were absolutely ecstatic with the custom paint job! Scott knocked it out of the ball park and exceeded our expectations. We can’t thank you enough Scott and Jody for your professionalism and fantastic customer service. I highly recommend Attitude Custom Painting for the paint job you may be wanting.Thank you,Bart and Daniread more
Tony Testa 12:09 24 Nov 19
Brought my 2009 Jeep Wrangler to Attitude after getting hood replaced tohave complete vehicle painted.The rest of ...
body had pits in paint
as well as rust around door edges, Scott made the whole vehicle come to life with a better than new car showroom finish(chose Midgrade paint package).There is a amazing attention to detail that provides exceptional value (applied lacquer to running boards and mirrors).You will
get your money's worth and be pleased using Scott & Attitude.read more
Mark Braverman 11:46 27 Jul 19
Had my Accord repainted here a few years back.
They did an absolutely phenomenal job.
I hate having others do work on...
my cars or my house.
I am very critical of the work I do and hate paying to have others to make mistakes.
They were the rare case of perfection.
My car had a better paint job when they were done than when it was new! Oh, and get this... Their price was very reasonable! Now I have been playing with the idea of changing the color on my Honda S2000.
Wouldn't go anywhere else. 10 stars, if that is even possible...read more
Next Reviews
Customer of ours?Be sure to leave us a Google ReviewUsed & New Harley-Davidson Parts For Sale
See our section with both new and used parts including fenders, tanks, stretched baggers kits, used emblems along with RARE Harley-Davidson Items
See the section here
Recent Posts
Challenging Custom Paint Job Match
SaddleBag went for a ride – OUCH!
Fuel Spill
– Another Challenging Spot Job!
My Go-To Auto Body Related Tools
Flash Back – 10 years ago – 2010
Popular Posts
Custom painted board w/ flames painted for Billy Joel
7 views
Candy Brandywine Flame Job Repair
5 views
Welcome to Attitude Custom Painting
4 views
Candy flames – Matte Finish
4 views
The Tribal Challenge
3 views
Candy Metaflake
2 views
Double Flame Job – Cornhole Board
2 views
Flash Back – 10 years ago – 2010
1 view
Recent CommentsACP on Parts for sale off my 1966 Chevy C10 Truck Pickupggodina on Parts for sale off my 1966 Chevy C10 Truck PickupACP on 1966 Chevy C-10 Short Bed Fleetsidebeau on 1966 Chevy C-10 Short Bed FleetsideACP on Parts for sale off my 1966 Chevy C10 Truck PickupArchives
October 2020
August 2020
July 2020
May 2020
February 2020
June 2019
February 2019
December 2018
November 2010
August 2010
July 2010
June 2010
More
Search The ACP Gallery
Random ARCHIVED Jobs
Sponsored Ads
Signup for our Newsletter!Newsletter Signup FormName *FirstLastEmail *PhoneSubmit Search ACP & Gallery
PHP Code Snippets Powered By : XYZScripts.com