http://www.nahoku.com/california-consumer-privacy
Jump to main navigation
California PrivacyCalifornia residents have certain rights regarding use and disclosure of your personal information.Right to Know and Access: You have the right to request that we disclose the personal information that we have collected, used and sold about you during the last 12 months.Right to Deletion: You have the right to request that we delete certain information that we have collected about you, subject to certain exceptions.Right to Opt-Out of Sale: You have the right to opt-out of the sale of your personal information to third party entities. Na Hoku, Inc. does not sell or disclose its customer information with exception to service providers for the sole purpose of Na Hoku, Inc. business operations.Right to Not Be Discriminated Against: You have the right to not be discriminated against for exercising your rights under CCPA.How to Submit a Request: To submit an access or deletion request, please contact us at 1-800-260-3912 or email us at Privacy@NaHoku.com. To opt-out of potential sale of your personal information you may submit this form, or email us at Privacy@NaHoku.com, or contact us at 1-800-260-3912. Please provide your full name, address, and email address for reply and verification purposes.Verification of Requests: To protect your privacy and for security purposes, Na Hoku, Inc. will take steps to verify your identity before providing access to your personal information. In addition, if you request specific personal information, we will require you verify your identity. If you designate an authorized agent to make an access, deletion or opt-out of sale request on your behalf, we may require you to provide written permission, and we may require you to verify your own identity directly with Na Hoku, Inc.Certain types of information may be exempt from the above requests under applicable law. Because we need certain types of information to provide the Services to you, if you ask us to delete it, you may no longer be able to access or use the Services.
Loading