http://www.rockyhorrors.co.uk/privacy
Home
Privacy Policy
Privacy Policy
PRIVACY
POLICY
This
privacy policy sets out how rockyhorrors.co.uk collects, processes,
uses and protects any information that you provide when you use this
website or its services.All information collected by
rockyhorrors.co.uk is stored and handled in accordance with the EU
General Data Protection Regulation, and UK Data Protection
Legislation. Personal and financial information collected on this
site is used for the sole purposes of processing and delivering your
order, and to occasionally send you information about our products
and services.We are committed to ensuring that your privacy
is protected. Should we ask you to provide certain information by
which you can be identified when using this website and our services,
you can be assured that it will only be used in accordance with this
privacy policy.This policy change is effective from 1st
June 2018. rockyhorrors.co.uk may regularly review and update this
policy to ensure we comply with all the necessary regulations. All
changes and updates are reflected in the updating of this page.
Should you wish to remain up to date with any changes, please check
this page regularly.What we collectIn
order to provide you with our services, we may collect the following
information:
name,
gender and date of birth
contact
telephone number
email
address
demographic
information such as postcode, preferences and interests
history
of your preferences
a
record of any correspondence you send us including e-mail messages,
as this helps us to track any problems or concerns you may have
a
record of your purchases with us so that we can quickly deal with
any issues you may have about your order.
If
you access our website from a mobile or any other device, we may
collect certain information from your device which includes your IP
address, browser type, device type, general geographic location and
any other technical details. We will also collect details of how you
have used our website, links that were clicked and content that was
of interest to you. We use this information for analytic purposes in
order to improve your experience while using our website with more
relevant content.What we do with the
information we gatherOur legal basis for
collecting and processing your data is to fulfil a contractual
obligation. In order to process orders, rockyhorrors.co.uk will
require your name, address, delivery address (if different) and email address.. We also ask for a telephone
number with which to contact you if there are any difficulties with
your order. Your credit card details are taken through third party secure payment gateways, we currently use Paypal and Sagepay. We will
pass your name and delivery address on to the carrier responsible for
delivering your order, we may also pass on your email address and phone number for our couriers to contact you if necessary and possibly to  inform you of expected delivery times.
In
some cases, we may use your information for a legal obligation, or in
our legitimate interest to complete credit checks before we can
provide you with services and confirm you as a new customer. If you
choose not to provide us with required data, we may not be able to
provide you with certain services or fulfil our contractual
obligations to you.
We
also require this information to understand your needs and provide
you with a better service, and in particular for the following
reasons:
internal
record keeping
to
set you up as a new customer
to
improve our products and services
to
enable us to tell you about any special offers, promotions or
company news that we feel may be of interest to you (this is only
where you have given express permission. You may unsubscribe from
receiving such correspondence at any time by emailing us at info@rockyhorrors.co.uk and stating that you no longer wish to receive emails from Rocky
Horrors.
to
enable us to contact you (and to ask for your permission to be
included if we are planning any market research) so that we may
establish what you like or do not like about our products and
services
to
plan our future product purchases to try and meet your requirements
going forward
to
help us understand the shopping patterns of our customers so we can
send you the most relevant information, to avoid wasting your time
and our money
when
necessary, to share your information with credit reference or fraud
detection agencies - at all times the information will be secure.
From
time to time, we may also use your information to contact you for
market research purposes. We may contact you by email, phone or mail.
We may use the information to customise the website according to your
interests.How
long do we keep your dataWe
retain all information collected for only as long as is necessary for
the afore mentioned purposes, if you would like any further information about this please email us
at info@rockyhorrors.co.uk.What
if you think we have incorrect information or you would like a copy
of the information we hold about youUnder
the General Data Protection Regulation and UK Data Protection
Legislation, you may request details of any of your personal
information which we hold through a subject access request. If you
would like a copy of the information held on you please write to us
at the below address or email us at info@rockyhorrors.co.uk.
Data
Protection Compliance, Rocky Horrors, 97 Division Street, Sheffield,
S1 4GE, UK
In
responding to your subject access request, we will firstly ask you to
confirm your identity by providing copies of EITHER your passport OR
your photo driving license. If we do hold information about you, we will
provide you with a description of the data, tell you why we are
processing your data, inform you who your data has been shared with,
and provide you with a copy of your personal data in a legible form
or a commonly used electronic form.If
you believe that any information we are holding about you is
incorrect or incomplete, please write to us at the above address or
email us at info@rockyhorrors.co.uk as soon as possible. We will promptly correct any information found
to be incorrect.If
you would like us to erase or restrict the processing of your
personal data, please write to us at the above address or email us at info@rockyhorrors.co.uk as soon as possible.
If
you wish to make a complaint to the Information Commissioner’s
Office on how we process and collect your data, you can do so by
contacting their Office at Wycliffe House, Water Lane, Wilmslow,
Cheshire, SK9 5AF. Telephone 0303 123 1113 or 01625
545745.Controlling your personal
information You may choose to restrict
the collection or use of your personal information in the following
ways:
whenever
you are asked to fill in a form on the website, look for the box
that you can click to indicate that you want to opt in to receiving
communication from Rocky Horrors, including newsletters and
promotional emails
if
you no longer wish to receive any marketing emails from us, you can
stop this by emailing us with the word “unsubscribe” in the
subject heading.
SecurityWe
are committed to ensuring that your information is secure. In order
to prevent unauthorised access or disclosure, we have put in place
suitable physical, electronic and managerial procedures to safeguard
and secure the information we collect online.
We
store your information on a secure data system that is not accessed
by anyone other than rockyhorrors.co.uk. All staff use login and
password controls on our systems.
Links
to other websites
Our
website may contain links to other websites of interest. However,
once you have used these links to leave our site, you should note
that we do not have any control over the website to which you have
navigated. Therefore, we cannot be responsible for the protection and
privacy of any information which you provide whilst visiting such
sites, and such sites are not governed by this privacy policy. You
should exercise caution and study the privacy policy applicable to
the website in question.
Newsletters
We
may ourselves or use a third party provider to deliver our email
newsletters. We may gather statistics around email opening and clicks
using industry standard technologies, including clear gifs to help us
monitor and improve our newsletter.Sharing
your data
We
will not sell, distribute or lease your personal information to third
parties unless we have your permission or are required by law to do
so.
When
necessary, we may share your name, address and telephone number with
a credit reference or fraud detection agency.How
we use cookies
We
use cookies to track your order through the shopping process. Cookies
are commonly used on websites, do not contain personally identifiable
information about you, do not pose a security threat and do not harm
your computer. They simplify your shopping experience and mean that
you do not have to input your contact details every time you visit
the site. Your credit or debit card details are not stored on our site and are always secure.
You
can decide if and how your computer will accept a cookie by
configuring your preferences or options in your browser. However, if
you choose to reject cookies, shopping with us may not be possible and may not be
able to use certain features within our website.
A
cookie is a small file which asks permission to be placed on your
computer's hard drive. Once you agree, the file is added and the
cookie helps analyse web traffic or lets you know when you visit a
particular site. Cookies allow web applications to respond to you as
an individual. The web application can tailor its operations to your
needs, likes and dislikes by gathering and remembering information
about your preferences.
We
use traffic log cookies to identify which pages are being used. This
helps us analyse data about web page traffic and improve our website
in order to tailor it to customer needs. We only use this information
for statistical analysis purposes, before removing the data from the
system.
Two
types of cookies may be used on this website:
Session
cookies - temporary cookies that remain in the cookie file of your
browser until you leave the site
Persistent
cookies - remain in the cookie file of your browser for much longer
(though how long will depend on the lifetime of the specific
cookie).
Overall,
cookies help us provide you with a better website, by enabling us to
monitor which pages you find useful and which you do not. A cookie in
no way gives us access to your computer or any information about you,
other than the data you choose to share with us. You can choose to
accept or decline cookies. Most web browsers automatically accept
cookies, but you can usually modify your browser setting to decline
cookies if you prefer. This may prevent you from taking full
advantage of the website.Credit Card
Security
We
do not hold any payment card details. When you place an order and
click to pay at the checkout you will be redirected to a secure
payment gateway to take the payment. We currently use Paypal and
Sagepay who use industry standard technology for securing and
encrypting data, and all card details are processed through their
sites. At no time do we have any card details when you pay through
the website and we can not take any further payments, we can only
refund.Google Remarketing
Rocky
Horrors may use Google remarketing. Remarketing is a type of online
advertising which allows us to show ads to users who have previously
visited our website as they browse the Web. Therefore, as a visitor
to the Rocky Horrors website, please be aware of the following:
third
party vendors, including Google, show Rocky Horrors website ads on
sites on the internet
third
party vendors, including Google, use cookies to serve ads based on a
user's prior visits to the Rocky Horrors website
users
may opt out of Google's use of cookies by visiting the Google
advertising opt-out page.
Offer
code termsUse of discount codes is subject
to the following terms & conditions
promotional/discount
codes may be subject to an expiry date
codes
are only valid when redeemed directly at rockyhorrors.co.uk.
one
promotional/discount code cannot be used in conjunction with another
discount
does not include/apply to delivery charges.
How
to contact us
All
material on this website, except where specifically stated otherwise,
is Copyright 2018 Rocky Horrors, 97 Division Street, Sheffield, S1
4GE, UK.
Trademarks,
service marks and logos displayed on this site belong to Rocky
Horrors. Nothing contained on this site should be construed as
granting any licence to use any trademark, service mark or logo
displayed on this site.
For
any questions regarding this privacy policy, please contact our data
protection lead at info@rockyhorrors.co.uk. or telephone 0114
2493461.