https://www.pudelz.com/terms_privacy.asp
www.pudelz.com
My Account
Pudelz Home
Online Store
FAQ
About Us
Pudelz Links
0 items $0.00
Pudelz Home
Online Store
FAQ
About Us
Pudelz Links
Privacy Statement
What information do we collect?We collect information from you when you register on the site and place an order.When ordering or registering, we ask you for your name, e-mail address, mailing address, phone number, credit card information or other information. We also collect information about gift recipients so that we can fulfill the gift purchase. The information we collect about gift recipients is not used for marketing purposes.Like many websites, we use "cookies" to enhance your experience and gather information about visitors and visits to our websites. Please refer to the "Do we use 'cookies'?" section below for information about cookies and how we use them.How do we use your information?We use the information we collect from you when you register and purchase products and surf the website.To personalize your site experience and to allow us to deliver the type of content and product offerings in which you are most interested.To allow us to better service you in responding to your customer service requests.To quickly process your transactions.Once you've made a purchase, you have opted-in to receive our e-mail newsletter, we may send you periodic e-mails. If you would no longer like to receive promotional e-mail from us, please refer to the "How can you opt-out, remove or modify information you have provided to us?" section below. If you have not opted-in to receive e-mail newsletters, you will not receive these e-mails. Visitors who register or participate in other site features such as marketing programs and 'members-only' content will be given a choice whether they would like to be on our e-mail list and receive e-mail communications from us.How do we protect our customer's information?We implement a variety of security measures to maintain the safety of your personal information. Your personal information is contained behind secured networks and is only accessible by a limited number of persons who have special access rights to such systems, and are required to keep the information confidential. When you place orders we offer the use of a secure server. All sensitive/credit information you supply is transmitted via Secure Socket Layer (SSL) technology and then encrypted into our databases to be only accessed as stated above.Do we use "cookies"?Yes. Cookies are small files that a site or its service provider transfers to your computer's hard drive through your Web browser (if you allow) that enables the site's or service provider's systems to recognize your browser and capture and remember certain information. For instance, we use cookies to help us remember and process the items in your shopping cart. You can choose to have your computer warn you each time a cookie is being sent, or you can choose to turn off all cookies. You do this through your browser (like Netscape Navigator or Internet Explorer) settings. Each browser is a little different, so look at your browser Help menu to learn the correct way to modify your cookies. If you turn cookies off, you won't have access to many features that make your site experience more efficient and some of our services will not function properly. However, you can still place orders over the telephone by contacting customer service.Do we disclose the information we collect to outside parties?We do not sell, trade, or otherwise transfer to outside parties your personally identifiable information.  Changes to our policyIf we decide to change our privacy policy, we will post those changes on this page. Policy changes will apply only to information collected after the date of the change. Terms and ConditionsPlease also visit our Terms and Conditions section establishing the use, disclaimers, and limitations of liability governing the use of our website.If you have any questions about this privacy statement, the practice of this site or your dealings with this website, you can contact pudelz@aol.com or write to:PudelzP.O. Box 3055Newtown, CT 06470If you change your email address between orders, please let us know at pudelz@aol.com.
Terms & Conditions
Privacy Policy
Shipping & Returns
Login / Register
View Cart
Order Status
Wishlist
About Pudelz
Become a Fan
PO Box 3055
Newtown, CT 06470 USA
Ph (203) 994-6724
Email pudelz@aol.com
Get Exclusive Offers, Sign Up for our Newsletter:
©  Pudelz • All Rights Reserved
All of the products, images and design features of this website are protected by copyright.
These copyrights are held by PUDELZ and its vendors therefore
it is illegal to copy anything from this website for any reason.
Poodles photographs by Hank Meirowitz.Built with Volusion