https://www.usfitness.com/about-us/privacy-policy/
Privacy Policy
Work
US Fitness Privacy Policy
At US Fitness Products, we are committed to protecting the privacy and security of any personal information you provide to us. This Privacy Policy explains our policies and practices for collecting, storing, using, sharing, and protecting your personal information. This Privacy Policy applies to information we collect through this Web site, through your purchases of our products wherever they are sold, and through marketing and promotional activities that we conduct from time to time.
Along with our Terms of Use, this Privacy Policy governs your use of our Web site. We may update this Privacy Policy as we continue to improve the services, products, and features we provide to you and as new developments in technology, law, or regulation call for changes. Please check this Privacy Policy from time to time to make sure you stay current.
How Your Information Is Collected and Used
When you purchase items from us or voluntarily submit information to us (for example, when you sign up for an account with US Fitness Products, send us e-mails or subscribe to our e-mail promotions, participate in sweepstakes, contests, or surveys, or post information on our Web site), we may collect personally identifiable information from you such as your name, e-mail address, postal address, telephone number, and credit card number. We may use this information to provide you with the products and services you have requested, to investigate and answer questions or concerns you submit to us, to offer you opportunities to participate in promotional programs tailored to you, to list you as a winner of a contest or sweepstakes, or to notify you of information that may be of interest to you about US Fitness Products or our business partners and affiliates.
We may also collect non-personally identifiable information from you, (such as information regarding your interests, hobbies, preferences for products and services, and lifestyle) when you choose to provide it.
When you visit our Web site, we and our third-party service providers use a feature on your Internet browser called a “cookie” to identify you and enhance your experience on the site in various ways, such as by remembering your user name, password, and preferences, and tracking your click streams. Cookies are small files placed on your computer’s hard drive. We and our third-party service providers use cookies and pixel tags to collect certain technical information from your computer when you visit our Web site, including your Internet Protocol (“IP”) address, your computer’s operating system, your browser type, and any referring Web site address. Most Internet browsers give you the option to reject cookies, but doing so generally hinders the browser’s performance and will adversely affect your experience when using our Web site.
We partner with third-party Internet advertising companies, known as “ad networks,” to serve ads for us across the Internet. Ad networks use cookies and pixel tags to collect information about your visits to our Web site and other Web sites so that they can deliver ads to you that may correspond to your interests. We do not share any personally identifiable information about you with these ad networks. If you prefer not to receive these ads, you may opt-out by visiting the Network Advertising Initiative’s opt-out page, at http://www.networkadvertising.org/managing/opt_out.asp.
Third party vendors, including Google, show our ads on sites on the internet. Third party vendors, including Google, use cookies to serve ads based on a user’s prior visits to our website. Users may opt out of Google’s use of cookies by visiting the Google advertising opt-out page. We may also obtain information about you from third parties, including demographic information (such as number of household members, age, and gender), and purchase preferences. We use such information to improve the accuracy of our customer database, increase our understanding of our customers, and identify potential customers.
How Your Information May Be Shared
We do not sell or rent your personally identifiable information to outside marketers. We may, however, share such information in limited circumstances, outlined below.
We may share your information with our subsidiaries, affiliates, and trusted businesses partners, so that we, and they, can provide products and services you have requested and information and offers that may be of interest to you. In addition, we may share your information with third parties that need access to the information to help us fulfill your requests for products and services. We require all parties with whom we share this information to comply with our standards of quality and to comply with our policies for safeguarding your information. When we collect aggregate data that does not include personally identifiable information, such as demographic and statistical information, we may share that data with third parties.
We may disclose your information when we believe any applicable law, regulation, or legal proceeding requires us to do so, or when disclosure is necessary to respond to claims against us, to protect our customers, to report or collect debts owed to us, or otherwise to protect our rights and property.
If US Fitness Products becomes involved in a merger, reorganization, or bankruptcy, we may transfer or otherwise share your information in connection with that transaction or event.
How Your Information Is Safeguarded
We enforce reasonable and appropriate security measures to protect against any unauthorized access to or disclosure of your information. We maintain your information on a secured server behind a firewall. All data is encrypted, and all data related to our retail services is encrypted using Secure Socket Layer technology. Even as we strive to protect your information, however, we cannot guarantee that these or any other information security measures will be completely effective, and we cannot assume responsibility for the actions of parties who may gain unauthorized access to your personally identifiable information. Thus, US Fitness Products makes no warranties, express, implied, or otherwise, as to the ultimate effectiveness of our reasonable and appropriate security measures.
Third-Party Web Sites
Our Web site may carry advertisements by third parties and links to the Web sites of third parties, so that we can make additional products, services, and information available to you. This Privacy Policy applies only to US Fitness Products, and we do not control the privacy policies and practices of third parties, which may differ from ours. Because third parties may place their own cookies or other files on your computer, collect their own data, or make their own solicitations of personal information from you, we encourage you to read their privacy policies before using their Web sites. We assume no responsibility for your sharing of information with these third parties.
Changes to this Privacy Policy
This Privacy Policy may change from time to time, as dictated by new developments in business, technology, law, or regulation. Any changes will take effect as soon as they are posted. Please check this Privacy Policy from time to time to make sure you stay current. Your continued use of this Web site after we post any revision to the Privacy Policy signifies your acceptance of the revised policy.
How to Contact Us
If you have any questions or concerns about this Privacy Policy, please contact us in one of the following ways:
By calling us, at 1-919-875-1900
By visiting us at www.usfitness.com and selecting the “Contact Us” link
WorkServicesSchedule A Showroom Appointment Today!Services
ContactTreadmillsExercise BikesElliptical MachinesRowing MachinesFunctional TrainersMulti GymsBenches & RacksAccessories, Plates & DumbbellsAthletic FlooringUsed EquipmentConsumer FinancingHome Gym DesignTreadmillsExercise BikesEllipticals & SteppersStrength EquipmentAthletic FlooringRecreation TablesUsed EquipmentPackage DealsCommercial LeasingReturn PolicyPrivacy PolicyTerms of UseContact UsStore LocatorUS Fitness BlogEmployee PortalEmail: info@USFitness.comPhone: 919-875-1900Contact
Hit enter to search or ESC to close
Find The Best Equipment for Your Needs
Search our site for your fitness equipment needs. As always, you can call us at 919-875-1900 or email us at info@usfitness.com with specific questions.