https://www.garywest.com/privacy-policy.html
ACCOUNT CONTACT MY CART
Home/ Privacy Policy
Privacy Policy
Our Privacy Policy
At Gary West Meats, we want to know our customers better, so we can give them the best service possible. Gary West Meats is committed to protecting your privacy and uses cautionary measures to protect against the loss, misuse or alteration of data used by our system. All information given to us is kept private and confidential and we never sell or share our customer information with any other company. No personal information is required when browsing our site. Once you place an order, Visa, MasterCard and American Express require that we confirm your shipping and billing address and phone number to authenticate your credit card transaction. Your email address is needed so we may confirm and update you regarding your order. This information is stored in a secure database, only accessible to employees with access to this information. All personal information is kept strictly confidential.
When you come to our site:
We log the date, time and referring URL. (We do this to know how our customers learned of us). We don’t gather personal information until you are ready to checkout and pay for your items. When you place an order with Gary West Meats, your address will be placed on our mailing list, to inform you of future sales. This list is used 6 times per year and is confidential. We do not share our mailing list with anyone. Any personal information given to us in the course of placing an order is used only to make sure the order is correct and being sent and billed to the correct person. This is for credit card security. We reserve the right to disclose personal information to appropriate parties in the rare instances of reporting/combating illegal activities or in due course of legal processes.
PHONE: 1-800-833-1820
Categories
Jerky Jerky Club Signature Meats Gift Baskets Jerky Gifts Smokehouse Deals Dog Treats Shop by Flavor
Copyright © 2020 Gary West Meats. | Site design by Studio Fuwafuwa
LINKS×
History
Staff
Press
Events
Our Products
Awards
Nutritional Info / Gluten Free
Online Catalog
Request a Catalog
Wholesale Info