http://www.sillyfarm.com/pages/privacy-policy
Face PaintingShop by BrandBody PaintingAirbush & StencilsGlitter, Bling & MoreBrushesFX/CosplaySALE
We use cookies to give you the best experience. If you do nothing, we'll assume that's OK.
OK, I don't mind using cookies
No thanks
Privacy Policy
At Silly Farm Supplies, we take your online security very seriously, and we're committed to protecting your privacy and personal information. This privacy policy applies to http://www.SillyFarm.com owned and operated by Silly Farm Supplies, Inc ('Silly Farm'). We've compiled this statement to explain how we collect, use, and secure your information. Please read on, and visit our Terms of Use for more information.
Information We Collect & How We Use It SillyFarm.com requests and collects personal information from our customers at various site locations and instances, including, but not limited to, when you create a SillyFarm.com account, make a purchase, communicate with us via social media, write a product review, create a wishlist, participate in events, contests, or promotions, contact our customer care team, or post other customer-generated content to this Site. These are currently the primary ways in which we gather information, however, we may also collect data through other channels in the future.
The types of personal information we may collect from you can vary according to the method through which it was attained. It may include, but is not limited to, the following:
Information You Provide to Us We receive and store any information you knowingly provide to us, such as: - Full name - Email address - Phone number - Shipping address - Billing information and payment details (such as billing address, credit card details, and other sensitive financial information, specifically for the purpose of completing your transaction) - Username and password for your SillyFarm.com account - A record of your SillyFarm.com orders, purchase history, and shopping behavior and preferences - Information provided by you through your interactions with us in social media - Location and geographic information that could be collected if you use our mobile site or app. - Other details that you may submit to us or that may be included in the information provided to us by third parties. - Additionally, when you select to email a friend your wishlist or tell a friend about SillyFarm.com, we request their email address from you to send them a one-time email. We do not share your friend's email information for any other purposes unless that friend creates a account to SillyFarm.com. SillyFarm.com stores this information for the sole purpose of sending this one-time email and tracking the success of our referral program. Your friend may contact us at info@SillyFarm.com to request that we remove this information from our database.
Information Collected Automatically We use third-party website analytics tools (including but not limited to Google Analytics) that automatically collect non-personal information from your browser to our server logs whenever you interact with our Site. Such information includes, but is not limited to, IP address, pages viewed, site navigation patterns, details about the devices used to access the Internet and our Site, and geo-location tracking information if you are accessing our Site from a mobile device. It is obtained by automated means, such as cookies and web beacons. "Cookies" are text files that are transferred to your computer's hard drive as you navigate our Site and other sites. We use cookies to help us show advertisements on other websites likely to be more interesting to you; to compile aggregate data about site traffic and site interaction; and to help us understand your preferences based on previous or current site activity, which enables us to provide you with improved services, site experiences, and tools in the future. You may be able to adjust the preferences on your browser or device to change your device's acceptance of cookies, but doing so may limit our ability to provide content tailored to you. Silly Farm Supplies does not currently actively respond to "Do Not Track" browser signals or mechanisms, but we're always open to hearing from customers for whom this issue is really important.
We may collect and store non-personally identifiable usage information (including frequency and number of visitors to our Site). Such data is used only in aggregate form and in a manner that assures your anonymity. We may provide this anonymous, aggregate information to our partners; and our partners may additionally use such information in order to determine general usage patterns and trends in an effort to provide you with an improved online experience. Our website is configured to prevent third-parties from collecting personal information about you or your online activities without your consent.
Email & Other Communications We may contact you via email to send you necessary order-related messages, such as order confirmation and shipment confirmation notices.
We may also send you newsletters and additional email messages about our products, services, contests, and promotions that we feel may be of interest to you. If you no longer wish to receive these and other promotional communications from us, you may select the unsubscribe link which is present in each email or at the bottom of this website. You may also customize your communication preferences by accessing the email preference center in your Silly Farm Supplies account page and adjusting your settings accordingly.
How We Use Your Information All of the personal information we collect from our customers is for the purpose of the reasoning described above (see sections b & c), as well as: - processing, verifying, validating, and completing your transaction - creating, managing, and maintaining your account to this Site - providing requested live customer support and services - record keeping of your purchase history - enabling communication via our Site, blog, and social networks - managing your participation in contests and promotions - sending email as appropriate (As Stated in Section C: Email & Other Communications)
Under 13? SillyFarm.com is intended for users who are 13 years of age and older. If you are under the age of 13, you are not permitted to submit any personal information to SillyFarm.com. We will promptly delete any personal information from a person under the age of 13 should we discover that we have collected such information from a person under the age of 13 without verification of parental consent. If you believe we may have collected information from a person under the age of 13, please promptly contact info@SillyFarm.com so we can correct.
Information Sharing SillyFarm.com does not share the personal information of its users with any unaffiliated third parties for their promotional purposes. We share your personal information with unaffiliated third parties only as described below:
Payment, Shipping, Referral, & Other Programs We use a third party payment processor and a third party shipping agent to ensure the payment and delivery of your purchased products. We also use a third party to administer our referral program. We may use other third parties for other services from time to time. These third parties have no authority to use your personal information for their own promotional purposes.
Legal Disclosure We reserve the right to disclose personal information to our service providers, the government, law enforcement agencies, or other third parties under certain circumstances where a formal request has been made (such as in responding to a court order, subpoena, or judicial proceeding) as SillyFarm.com, in our sole and absolute discretion, deems necessary and appropriate. Moreover, in the event of a sale, merger, or transfer of some or all of SillyFarm.com's assets, or dissolution or bankruptcy, your personal information may be transferred to an unaffiliated third party as part of or apart from other transferred assets or assets. Any transfer will then be governed by and be the responsibility of any purchaser of or successor to the transferred assets or assets. We shall notify you by a notice on the home page of any change in the information practices governing your personal information as a result of any transfer of assets or any asset change in ownership, and your choices in how your information is used.
Links to Third Party Websites This Site contains links to other websites. SillyFarm.com takes no responsibility for the privacy practices or the content of these other websites. We encourage you to read the privacy policies of each website you visit prior to disclosing your personal information.
User-Generated Content & Information Disclosure Any personal information or image content you voluntarily disclose online in a manner that other users can view (including, but not limited to: product reviews, Be the Buyer comments, on social media pages, in connection with contests and promotions, and on the Silly Farm Supplies blog) becomes publicly available, and can be read, collected, and used by other members of this forum to send you unsolicited messages. Your account name, email, or other information may also be displayed when you post comments or upload images throughout the Site. SillyFarm.com is not responsible for the personal information users select to disclose in these forums.
Social Media Features and Widgets Our Web site includes Social Media Features, such as the Facebook Like button and Widgets, such as the Share this button or interactive mini-programs that run on our site. These Features may collect your IP address, which page you are visiting on our site, and may set a cookie to enable the Feature to function properly. Social Media Features and Widgets are either hosted by a third party or hosted directly on our Site. Your interactions with these Features are governed by the privacy policy of the company providing it.
Single Sign-On You can log in to our site using sign-in services such as Facebook Connect or an Open ID provider. These services will authenticate your identity and provide you the option to share certain personal information with us such as your name and email address to pre-populate our sign up form. Services like Facebook Connect give you the option to post information about your activities on this Web site to your profile page to share with others within your network.
How We Protect Your Information SillyFarm.com utilizes some of the most advanced technology available today for Internet security purposes. When you access our checkout using industry standard Secure Socket Layer (SSL) technology, your information is protected with both server authentication and data encryption, ensuring that your data is safe, secure, and available only to Silly Farm Supplies.
Our site is verified by GeoTrust and uses PayPal or Inuit for all of our secure credit card transactions.
In addition, SillyFarm.com is hosted in a secure server environment that uses a firewall and other advanced technology to prevent interference or outside access to keep us all safe!
Accessing Your Personal Information & Preferences You can access, update, or change your personal information and communication preferences by signing into your Silly Farm Supplies account page and modifying your preferences at your discretion. You can choose not to provide us with any or all of the information we specify or request, but then you may not be able to create a account with us or to take advantage of some or all of our features.
We will retain your information for as long as your account is active or as needed to provide you services. If you wish to cancel your account or request that we no longer use your information to provide you services contact us at info@SillyFarm.com. We will retain and use your information as necessary to comply with our legal obligations, resolve disputes, and enforce our agreements.
Privacy Policy Updates Silly Farm Supplies may, at any time and without notice, modify and update this Privacy Policy by revising it on the Site. If we make any material changes we will notify you by means of a notice on this Site prior to the change becoming effective. Your continued use of the Site constitutes your acceptance of any such revisions. You should therefore periodically visit this page to review the current Privacy Policy.
Last updated May 9th, 2014
Contact Us We welcome your questions, comments, and concerns about this Privacy Policy and Site. You can reach us at: 11860 W State Road 84 Suite B1 Davie, FL 33325 info@sillyfarm.com
Thank you for choosing SillyFarm.com!
Sincerely, The Silly Farmers
Best sellers
Paint Pal Lux Petal Sponge- 6 Pack
$7.00
View
Paint Pal Swirls Brush Collection
$19.00
View
Paint Pal Luxe Swirl Brush Set
$16.00
$22.00
View
OUR PARTNERS
We carry the LARGEST selection of face and body art supplies. Our range of products covers everyone from beginner painters to seasoned professionals. Each of our products are hand picked and tested by the Silly Farm staff to ensure quality and reliable use. If you have any questions relating to brands, which palettes to start with, or what is the best shade of red, we encourage you to ask us!
Live Chat with Us!
Call 954.472.5000 Mon-Fri 10:00am - 6:00pm ET
QUICK LINKS
Face Paint- Shop by Brand
Airbrush and Stencils
Brushes & Sponges
Glitter and Bling
Specials and More
Information
Home
About Us
Contact Us
FAQ
Returns & Exchanges
Shipping Information
Terms & Conditions
Youtube Video Channel
Get Social
Privacy Policy
My Account
Login
Order History
Wish List
Newsletter
Stay Connected
Become a
Farmer
Sign up for our newsletter today to receive promotions, discount codes, and more!
Subscribe
Powered by BN SHOPPING CART Ecommerce Software
© 2020 Silly Farm Supplies. All rights reserved.