http://www.glamorousamorous.com/privacy
Home
Shop Lingerie
All our undies
Latest Arrivals
Valentines
Our Designers
Lazy Girl Lingerie
Avery Rose
Irresistible
Pom Lampson
Jag London
Persephonie Ncredible
Aemilia Couture
Nina and the Wolf
Corsetorium
Sonata London
Katherine Hamilton
Emma Harris
Kriss Soonik
Something Wicked
Fréolic
Fraulein Kink
Konplott Jewellery
Bras
All Bras
Underwired
Soft Cup
Triangle
Balconette
Plunge
Strappy
Full Cup
DD+
Knickers
All Knickers
Thongs
French
High Waisted
G-String
Hipster
Skirted
Full
Peekaboo
Bodysuits
Nightwear
Accessories
Bridal
Swimwear
Clothing
Our Designers
Fitting Room
Glam Am?
Contact
Social Club
Press
Treats & Gifts
0
Privacy
your privacy  Privacy Policy We believe your business is no one else's. Your privacy is important to you and to us. So we'll protect the information you share with us. To protect your privacy, GlamorousAmorous.com follows principles in accordance with the Data Protection Act 1998.
We won’t sell or give away your name, address, phone number, email address or any other information to anyone. Only your given delivery address for your order will be used by either the designer for direct deliveries or by the GlamorousAmorous.com team.
We’ll use state-of-the-art security measures to protect your information from unauthorised users. Notice We will ask you when we need information that personally identifies you (personal information) or allows us to contact you. Generally, this information is requested when you create your account on the site. We use your Personal Information for four primary purposes:
To make the site easier for you to use by not having to enter information more than once.
To help you quickly find your account and make purchases.
To help us create content most relevant to you.
To alert you to Glam Am Loyalty Club membership upgrades, special offers, updated information and other new services from GlamorousAmorous.com. Consent If you choose not to provide personal information, you can still use most of www.GlamorousAmorous.com. But you will not be able to make a purchase. Please note that you do not have to set up an account to place an order but personal information will need to be entered to make your purchase.
If you decide to set up an account, you will be able to order and select the kinds of information you want to receive from us if at all, like our newsletters and e-mail notifications. If you do not want us to communicate with you about other offers about GlamorousAmorous.com products, events, or services by email and postal mail you may select the option stating that you do not wish to receive marketing messages from GlamorousAmorous.com. Access We will provide you with the means to ensure that your personal information is correct and current. You may review and update this information at any time through your account. There, you can:
View and edit personal information you have already given us.
Sign up for email newsletters about our services and products. RegisterOnce you register for your account, you won't need to do it again. Wherever you go on GlamorousAmorous.com, your information stays with you. Security GlamorousAmorous.com has taken strong measures to protect the security of your personal information and to ensure that your choices for its intended use are honoured. We take strong precautions to protect your data from loss, misuse, unauthorised access or disclosure, alteration, or destruction.
We guarantee your e-commerce transactions to be 100% safe and secure. When you place orders or access your personal account information, you're utilising secure server software SSL, which encrypts your personal information before it's sent over the Internet. SSL is one of the safest encryption technologies available.
GlamorousAmorous.com strictly protects the security of your personal information and honours your choices for its intended use. We carefully protect your data from loss, misuse, unauthorised access or disclosure, alteration, or destruction.
Your personal information is never shared outside the company without your permission. Inside the company, data is stored in password-controlled servers with limited access. Your information may be stored and processed in the U.K or any other country where GlamorousAmorous.com, its subsidiaries or affiliates are located.
You also have a significant role in protecting your information. No one can see or edit your personal information without knowing your user name and password, so do not share these with others. Customer Accounts As mentioned above, every registered customer has a unique personal account. You will be required to assign a unique password to your account, which helps us ensure that only you can access your account.
What we do with the information you share
When you join us, you provide us with your contact information, including your name and email address. We use this information to send you updates about your order, questionnaires to measure your satisfaction with our service and announcements about new and exciting collections that we offer. When you order from us, we ask for your credit card number and billing address. We use this information only to bill you for the product(s) you order at that time.
We occasionally use other companies to provide limited services on our behalf, including mailing and delivering purchases, answering customer questions about products or services, sending postal mail and processing event registration. We will only provide those companies the information they need to deliver the service, and they are prohibited from using that information for any other purpose.
GlamorousAmorous.com will disclose your personal information, without notice, only if required to do so by law or in the good faith belief that such action is necessary to: (a) conform to the edicts of the law or comply with legal process served on GlamorousAmorous.com; (b) protect and defend the rights or property of GlamorousAmorous.com and its family of Websites, and, (c) act in urgent circumstances to protect the personal safety of users of GlamorousAmorous.com, its Websites, or the public. GlamorousAmorous.com collects email addresses and certain other Personal Information to contact you about products, sale events and special occasions and other informations that might be of interest to you. You can review, amend or ask to have this information deleted by emailing kim@glamorousamorous.com.  Your Personal Information will not be passed onto any third parties. We will do our upmost to keep your email address private and will only use your email address to send you information about GlamorousAmorous.com. Updated 18/05/18
Who are Glam Am? Get in touch kim@glamorousamorous.com Aftercare
Size Guides Shipping & Returns Terms of Service FAQ's Privacy
Be the first to know
Thank you for contacting us.We will get back to you as soon as possible
Uh oh, there was an error sending your message.Please try again later
Share by: