http://www.eyecatcherlures.com/privacy
Offshore Trolling Lures & Teasers From Eye Catcher Lures
Register
Login
Facebook
Twitter
RSS
Home
Products
Eye Catcher Series
Hatteras Classic Series
Teasers
Species Specific Rigs
Bigeye Tuna
Blackfin Tuna
Blue Marlin
Bluefin Tuna
Dolphin
King Mackerel
Sailfish
Wahoo
White Marlin
Yellowfin Tuna
Ballyhoo Rigs and Offshore Rigging Supplies
Gear
Store
Resources
Tips
Fishing Reports
About
Dealers
Charters
Contact
Privacy Statement
Eye Catcher Lures is committed to protecting your privacy and developing technology
that gives you the most powerful and safe online experience. This Statement of Privacy
applies to the Eye Catcher Lures Web site and governs data collection and usage.
By using the Eye Catcher Lures website, you consent to the data practices described
in this statement.
Collection of your Personal Information
Eye Catcher Lures collects personally identifiable information, such as your e-mail
address, name, home or work address or telephone number. Eye Catcher Lures also
collects anonymous demographic information, which is not unique to you, such as
your ZIP code, age, gender, preferences, interests and favorites.
There is also information about your computer hardware and software that is automatically
collected by Eye Catcher Lures. This information can include: your IP address,
browser type, domain names, access times and referring Web site addresses. This
information is used by Eye Catcher Lures for the operation of the service, to
maintain quality of the service, and to provide general statistics regarding use
of the Eye Catcher Lures Web site.
Please keep in mind that if you directly disclose personally identifiable information
or personally sensitive data through Eye Catcher Lures public message boards,
this information may be collected and used by others. Note: Eye Catcher Lures
does not read any of your private online communications.
Eye Catcher Lures encourages you to review the privacy statements of Web sites
you choose to link to from Eye Catcher Lures so that you can understand how those
Web sites collect, use and share your information. Eye Catcher Lures is not responsible
for the privacy statements or other content on Web sites outside of the Eye Catcher Lures
and Eye Catcher Lures family of Web sites.
Use of your Personal Information
Eye Catcher Lures collects and uses your personal information to operate the Eye Catcher Lures
Web site and deliver the services you have requested. Eye Catcher Lures also uses
your personally identifiable information to inform you of other products or services
available from Eye Catcher Lures and its affiliates. Eye Catcher Lures may also
contact you via surveys to conduct research about your opinion of current services
or of potential new services that may be offered.
Eye Catcher Lures does not sell, rent or lease its customer lists to third parties.
Eye Catcher Lures may, from time to time, contact you on behalf of external business
partners about a particular offering that may be of interest to you. In those cases,
your unique personally identifiable information (e-mail, name, address, telephone
number) is not transferred to the third party. In addition, Eye Catcher Lures
may share data with trusted partners to help us perform statistical analysis, send
you email or postal mail, provide customer support, or arrange for deliveries. All
such third parties are prohibited from using your personal information except to
provide these services to Eye Catcher Lures, and they are required to maintain
the confidentiality of your information.
Eye Catcher Lures does not use or disclose sensitive personal information, such
as race, religion, or political affiliations, without your explicit consent.
Eye Catcher Lures keeps track of the Web sites and pages our customers visit within
Eye Catcher Lures, in order to determine what Eye Catcher Lures services are
the most popular. This data is used to deliver customized content and advertising
within Eye Catcher Lures to customers whose behavior indicates that they are interested
in a particular subject area.
Eye Catcher Lures Web sites will disclose your personal information, without notice,
only if required to do so by law or in the good faith belief that such action is
necessary to: (a) conform to the edicts of the law or comply with legal process
served on Eye Catcher Lures or the site; (b) protect and defend the rights or
property of Eye Catcher Lures; and, (c) act under exigent circumstances to protect
the personal safety of users of Eye Catcher Lures, or the public.
Use of Cookies
The Eye Catcher Lures Web site use "cookies" to help you personalize your online
experience. A cookie is a text file that is placed on your hard disk by a Web page
server. Cookies cannot be used to run programs or deliver viruses to your computer.
Cookies are uniquely assigned to you, and can only be read by a web server in the
domain that issued the cookie to you.
One of the primary purposes of cookies is to provide a convenience feature to save
you time. The purpose of a cookie is to tell the Web server that you have returned
to a specific page. For example, if you personalize Eye Catcher Lures pages, or
register with Eye Catcher Lures site or services, a cookie helps Eye Catcher Lures
to recall your specific information on subsequent visits. This simplifies the process
of recording your personal information, such as billing addresses, shipping addresses,
and so on. When you return to the same Eye Catcher Lures Web site, the information
you previously provided can be retrieved, so you can easily use the Eye Catcher Lures
features that you customized.
You have the ability to accept or decline cookies. Most Web browsers automatically
accept cookies, but you can usually modify your browser setting to decline cookies
if you prefer. If you choose to decline cookies, you may not be able to fully experience
the interactive features of the Eye Catcher Lures services or Web sites you visit.
Security of your Personal Information
Eye Catcher Lures secures your personal information from unauthorized access,
use or disclosure. Eye Catcher Lures secures the personally identifiable information
you provide on computer servers in a controlled, secure environment, protected from
unauthorized access, use or disclosure. When personal information (such as a credit
card number) is transmitted to other Web sites, it is protected through the use
of encryption, such as the Secure Socket Layer (SSL) protocol.
Changes to this Statement
Eye Catcher Lures will occasionally update this Statement of Privacy to reflect
company and customer feedback. Eye Catcher Lures encourages you to periodically
review this Statement to be informed of how Eye Catcher Lures is protecting your
information.
Contact Information
Eye Catcher Lures welcomes your comments regarding this Statement of Privacy.
If you believe that Eye Catcher Lures has not adhered to this Statement, please
contact Eye Catcher Lures at brian@eyecatcherlures.com.
We will use commercially reasonable efforts to promptly determine and remedy the
problem.
©
Copyright 1989 - 2020 by Eye Catcher Lures
|
Terms Of Use
|
Privacy Statement