http://www.allcelticmusic.com/help.html?tab=Contact
WELCOME TO ALL CELTIC MUSICFIND CELTIC MUSIC
Find
in
All GenresAll ArtistsAll LabelsAll DVDsDownloadsPlease select your country:Afghanistan
Albania
Algeria
American Samoa
Andorra
Angola
Antigua And Barbuda
Argentina
Armenia
Australia
Austria
Azerbaijan
Bahamas
Bahrain
Bangladesh
Barbados
Belarus
Belgium
Belize
Benin
Bermuda
Bhutan
Bolivia
Bosnia And Herzegovina
Botswana
Brazil
Brunei Darussalam
Bulgaria
Burkina Faso
Burundi
Cambodia
Cameroon
Canada
Cape Verde
Cayman Islands
Central African Republic
Chad
Channel Islands
Chile
China
Colombia
Comoros
Congo
Cook Islands
Costa Rica
Cote D'ivoire
Croatia
Cuba
Cyprus
Czech Republic
Denmark
Djibouti
Dominican Republic
East Timor
Ecuador
Egypt
El Salvador
Equatorial Guinea
Eritrea
Estonia
Ethiopia
Falkland Islands
Faroe Islands
Fiji
Finland
France
French Polynesia
Gabon
Gambia
Georgia
Germany
Ghana
Gibraltar
Greece
Greenland
Grenada
Guadeloupe
Guam
Guatemala
Guinea
Guinea-bissau
Haiti
Holy See
Honduras
Hong Kong
Hungary
Iceland
India
Indonesia
Iraq
Ireland
Islamic Republic Of Iran
Israel
Italy
Jamaica
Japan
Jordan
Kazakhstan
Kenya
Kiribati
Kuwait
Kyrgyzstan
Lao
Latvia
Lebanon
Lesotho
Liberia
Libyan Arab Jamahiriya
Liechtenstein
Lithuania
Luxembourg
Macao
Madagascar
Malawi
Malaysia
Maldives
Mali
Malta
Martinique
Mauritania
Mauritius
Mexico
Monaco
Mongolia
Morocco
Mozambique
Myanmar
Namibia
Nauru
Nepal
Netherlands
Netherlands Antilles
New Caledonia
New Zealand
Nicaragua
Niger
Nigeria
Northern Mariana Islands
Norway
Oman
Pakistan
Palau
Palestinian Territory
Panama
Papua New Guinea
Paraguay
Peru
Philippines
Poland
Portugal
Puerto Rico
Qatar
Republic Of Korea
Republic Of Moldova
Reunion
Romania
Russian Federation
Rwanda
Samoa
San Marino
Sao Tome And Principe
Saudi Arabia
Senegal
Serbia And Montenegro
Seychelles
Sierra Leone
Singapore
Slovakia
Slovenia
Solomon Islands
Somalia
South Africa
Spain
Sri Lanka
Sudan
Suriname
Swaziland
Sweden
Switzerland
Syrian Arab Republic
Taiwan
Tajikistan
Thailand
DR Congo
Macedonia
Togo
Tokelau
Tonga
Trinidad And Tobago
Tunisia
Turkey
Turkmenistan
Tuvalu
Uganda
Ukraine
United Arab Emirates
United Kingdom
Tanzania
United States
Uruguay
Uzbekistan
Vanuatu
Venezuela
Viet Nam
Virgin Islands, British
Western Sahara
Yemen
Zambia
Zimbabwe
Using the StoreDownloadsRefundsTerms of PurchasePrivacyContactUsing the StoreOrdering Items
Find the item you are looking for by browsing the list of products on the catalogue pages. Once you have found the product, you will be able to read descriptions of products and prices by clicking on the product name.
Add to Shopping Basket
Once you have found the product that you want click the “Buy Now” button to place it in your Shopping Basket. After you click “Buy Now”, your Shopping Basket Contents will be displayed. On this page you can:
- View the product you have chosen
- Change the quantity of the products in your Basket by changing the number in the ‘Quantity’ and then clicking ‘update’
- Remove the product by clicking the remove box
- Choose your delivery country to calculate the postage charges by using the drop-down menu.
Acceptance of Orders
We will email you to confirm that we have received your order and email you again if your transaction has been rejected. We are not obliged to accept any order you submit.
Orders are deemed accepted when your payment has been processed and we issue a confirmation of your order on that basis to the email address provided by you on the order form. You can also use our order tracking facility to check the status of your order.
For more information on the terms and conditions which apply to your purchase, including deliveries, please visit the Terms and Conditions of Purchase section of this site.
If you want to continue shopping then click continue shopping to choose more products from the band and add them to your Shopping Basket. When you’ve finished shopping, click “Checkout” underneath your Shopping Basket contents.
Purchasing The Items
If you have bought something from the store before, log in using your e-mail address and password, or if you are a new customer then please sign up, providing your delivery address and invoice address. Your email address and contact telephone number will enable us to get in touch with you as quickly as possible should there be any problems or queries relating to your order.
All transactions and credit card details are kept on a secure server and all financial details are deleted when the transaction is complete.
After you have logged in, check the billing and delivery address for the items, amending them using the ‘View/Change user details’ link if necessary.
Payment
Check your order details, updating the quantities and delivery address.
Choose how you would like to pay. All Credit/Debit Card transactions take place on a secure server so you don’t need to worry about security. Choose your payment card type (we accept Visa, MasterCard, Switch, Delta, American Express, Solo and JCB cards), key in your card number (the longest number on your card) and the expiry date. If you are paying with a Switch or Solo card, please also key in the start date and/or the issue number. Then click ‘Submit’ to continue.
Please review your order and credit card details and if they are all correct, click ‘Confirm’ to submit your order. Your order will NOT be processed until you click ‘Confirm’. This will take you to an Order Confirmation screen with your order number and you can then log-out of the online shop and return to the Store Home page.
You can then log-out of the online shop.
Help with DownloadsIf you have problems downloading your tracks when you first place your order then you can download the tracks again by logging in to the site.
Go to the My Account page
http://www.allcelticmusic.com/user.html
and use your email address and password to log in. You will then get a link to your downloads at the side of the page.
You can resume downloading the tracks - it will let you download the tracks again even if it detects you have already downloaded them.
Cancellation and RefundsIf you need to cancel an order, please contact us immediately on sales@allcelticmusic.com
You have the right to cancel the contract for the purchase of any item within seven working days of receipt of your order. This applies to all our products. However, we regret that we cannot accept cancellations of contracts for the purchase of t-shirts and other garments where the item has been worn/used or for CD, vinyl or videos where the seal has been broken. To cancel your order, please notify us in writing stating the reason for the return as “Contract cancellation”.
If you have already received your goods please package the relevant item securely and return it to us with the delivery note immediately on cancellation but in any event within 21 days of your order.
The return address is:
All Celtic Music - Cancellations
46 Elliot Street,
Glasgow,
Scotland
G3 8DZ.
For your protection, we recommend that you use a recorded-delivery service.
Please note that you will be responsible for the costs of returning the goods to us unless we delivered the item to you in error or the item is faulty. If we do not receive the item back from you with the delivery slip, we may arrange for collection of the item from your residence at your cost.
You should be aware that once we begin the delivery process, you will not be able to cancel any contract you have with us for services carried out by us (for example, postage and packing costs). When we receive notice of your cancellation of this order, we will refund the relevant part of the purchase price for that item within 30 days.
Terms and Conditions of PurchaseIntroduction
Welcome to allcelticmusic.com and thank you for shopping with us. These Terms and Conditions govern the use of site and the purchase of any goods from it. The website is owned and operated by All Celtic Music. Should you have any questions, please contact us on sales@allcelticmusic.com prior to ordering from this website.
GENERAL
Information Provided by You
If you purchase goods and services from allcelticmusic.com, we may require you to provide your name, address, email address, credit card number or other details (“customer information”). We may subsequently require further details to enable the processing of any orders that you make. You agree to provide All Celtic Music with current, complete and accurate customer information when asked to do so by the website or an employee of allcelticmusic.com.
The Contract Between Us
We will email
you to confirm the details of your order.
This confirmation does not constitute an acceptance of your order or reflect the status of your order in any way.
We will email you again if your order has been rejected.
A binding contract for the sale and purchase of goods and/or services between you and us will only come into effect when your payment is successfully processed and
we issue you with an email to the email address provided on the order form which specifically states your order has been accepted.
We are not obliged to accept any order you submit.
Product Information
We will always attempt to be as accurate as possible with our product descriptions and pricing. However, we are unable to warrant that product descriptions or other content of the website is accurate, complete, reliable, current or error free.
If a product you order is not as described, your sole remedy is to return the Product in an unused condition in accordance with the provisions detailed below.
This does not affect your statutory rights.
Your Account
If you use our
site, you are responsible for maintaining the confidentiality of
your account and password and for restricting access to your computer.
You agree to accept responsibility for all activities that occur under your account or password. allcelticmusic.com does sell products for children, but it sells them only to adults who can purchase with a credit card.
If you are under eighteen you may use the site only with the involvement and consent of a parent or guardian. allcelticmusic.com and its affiliates reserve the right to refuse service, terminate accounts or cancel orders at their sole discretion.
Privacy
We treat all customer information in accordance with our Privacy Policy, which should be reviewed in order to understand our practices.
Price
All Celtic Music reserves the right at any time to revise its prices without notice.
All orders for products are subject to availability and allcelticmusic.com reserves the right to refuse to supply to any individual or company for whatever reason.
Although allcelticmusic.com tries to ensure that prices on this web site are accurate, errors can sometimes occur.
The prices stated are therefore indicative only but an accurate total price, including any delivery charges, will be confirmed to you when we send you confirmation of your order.
If the price, when confirmed, is not to your satisfaction your sole remedy is to withdraw your order and return the goods to us, if already delivered to you, in an unused condition.
All prices are exclusive of VAT and in British Pounds Sterling unless otherwise stated.
Payment in full should be made by credit or debit card through this site (we accept visa, mastercard, maestro and delta).
You will be required to pay extra for delivery and it may not be possible for us to deliver to some locations.
Product Availability
If allcelticmusic.com has insufficient stock to deliver the goods ordered by you allcelticmusic.com will notify you by e-mail at the address given by you in your order and will refund the price (including any delivery charges) via the original method of payment.
The refund will be made as soon as possible and in any event within thirty days of your order. allcelticmusic.com will not be obliged to offer any additional compensation for disappointments suffered.
DELIVERY
It is your obligation to enter the correct delivery address details at the time of ordering. Should you enter the wrong address, we are not obliged to re-send the order to the correct address at our expense. We will provide you with an estimated date for delivery of all parcels. While we make every effort to deliver by this time but all dates specified are estimates only and we are not responsible for any delays. It is the responsibility of the customer to inform allcelticmusic.com if an order does not arrive. Once we learn an order has not arrived by the due date, we will lodge enquiries with the postal services to ensure delivery occurs as soon as possible thereafter.
Please note that if an item has been lost in transit, we will not despatch a replacement item immediately. Replacement items will be despatched at our discretion. You agree that when the postal services are satisfied that the order has been delivered, delivery of an order has taken place within the terms of the agreement between you and us.
Without limiting the operation of the Terms and Conditions herein, we will not accept liability for any costs or losses arising or damage suffered due to late delivery and you agree that late delivery does not constitute a failure of our agreement or entitle you to cancel your order.
We will not accept liability for any loss or damage arising from items lost, stolen or damaged after delivery has taken place.
How Long Will It Take?
We aim to dispatch your order within three working days (ie Monday to Friday) of receiving it. Sometimes there may be delays due to public holidays etc. but apart from that, you will be notified if there is going to be any further delay with your order due to stock problems. Royal Mail estimate the following delivery times from despatch date:
UK - 2nd Class post = 2 working days
Europe - Airmail = 3-5 working days
North America - Airmail = 5-7 working days
Rest of the World - Airmail = 7-10 working days
Lost & Missing Deliveries
In spite of all our efforts, there can sometimes be unforeseen delays in delivery. If your order appears to be late it may be worthwhile contacting your local postal sorting office as it is possible that they have already tried to deliver your package but were unable to do so. If you believe the delivery is severely overdue, please send us an email sales@allcelticmusic.com and we will take appropriate action.
Delivery Rates
All UK items are sent by Second Class Mail and by Airmail to destinations outside the UK. Your delivery rate is calculated when you add items to your basket and select the country to which the items will be delivered.
CANCELLATION OF ORDERS
If you need to cancel an order, please contact us immediately on sales@allcelticmusic.com
You have the right to cancel the contract for the purchase of any item within seven working days of receipt of your order. This applies to all our products. However, we regret that we cannot accept cancellations of contracts for the purchase of t-shirts and other garments where the item has been worn/used or for CD, vinyl or videos where the seal has been broken. To cancel your order, please notify us in writing
stating the reason for the return as “Contract cancellation”.
If you have already received your goods please package the relevant item securely and return it to us with the delivery note immediately on cancellation but in any event within 21 days of your order.
The return address is:
All Celtic Music - Cancellations
46 Elliot Street,
Glasgow,
Scotland
G3 8DZ.
For your protection, we recommend that you use a recorded-delivery service.
Please note that you will be responsible for the costs of returning the goods to us unless we delivered the item to you in error or the item is faulty. If we do not receive the item back from you with the delivery slip, we may arrange for collection of the item from your residence at your cost.
You should be aware that once we begin the delivery process, you will not be able to cancel any contract you have with us for services carried out by us (for example, postage and packing costs).
When we receive notice of your cancellation of this order, we will refund the relevant part of the purchase price for that item within 30 days.
EXCHANGES POLICY
At allcelticmusic.com, we want you to be happy every time you shop with us. Occasionally though, we know you may want to exchange items.
Any goods you wish to exchange must, in the case of CD’s, videos or vinyl, be returned unopened and in all cases, must be unused, in the original condition and capable of resale.
All items:
If your purchase isn’t the correct size, you can return it to us in its original condition and packaging, within 30 days, and we will exchange it for you. Please see “To exchange an item” below for details of how to return items to us.
To exchange an item:
To exchange an item, please return the goods in their original condition and packaging within 30 days of delivery enclosing a note detailing the original order number and the items you now wish to purchase. Wrap the package securely and send the package with any additional payment if required to the following address:-
All Celtic Music - Exchanges
46 Elliot Street,
Glasgow,
Scotland
G3 8DZ.
For your protection we recommend that you use a recorded-delivery service. This exchange policy does not affect your statutory rights.
Delivery charges, and other services:
If you are exchanging an item, you are responsible for meeting the cost of sending the new items out to you. Please email us at sales@allcelticmusic.com to get a quote for these extra postage costs. You will then need to provide advance payment for these costs, either by providing your credit card details, by a cheque or International Money Order in Great British Pounds Sterling. If paying by credit card we will advised you how to go about this when you contact us.
DEFECTIVE ITEMS:
You can return items to us if they are defective but you must notify us in writing within 7 days of delivery of the problem with the goods in question and return the goods to us within 14 days of delivery.
Please note: we only accept returns of items that have been used/worn if they are defective.
In the event that you receive a defective or damaged product, we will refund the original product price, delivery, wrapping and other fees via the original method of payment. Alternatively, if you request a replacement, we will despatch your replacement item (subject to availability) once we receive the return, at our cost.
If we find that the goods are not damaged or faulty we will return the ordered goods to you and you will be responsible for all return delivery costs.
We will also charge you an administration fee of 25% of the cost of your original order.
Delivery charges, and other services:
If you are returning an item because of an error on our part or because it is defective, we will be happy to refund the delivery charges incurred in sending the item to you and your costs in returning it to us. Otherwise you will be responsible for those charges.
To return a defective item:
To return an item, please enclose a note giving the reason for the return, wrap the package securely and send the package to the address below. In the case of a defective product, please provide a full description of the fault, order number and return the defective item in its original packaging. Then send the package to the address below:
All Celtic Music - Returns
46 Elliot Street,
Glasgow,
Scotland
G3 8DZ.
For your protection we recommend that you use a recorded-delivery service. This policy does not affect your statutory rights.
LIMITATION OF LIABILITY
If the goods you receive are not what you ordered or are damaged or defective or the delivery is of an incorrect quantity, allcelticmusic.com shall have no liability to you unless you notify allcelticmusic.com in writing at the contact address below of the problem within 7 working days of the delivery of goods in question.
If you do not receive the goods ordered by you within thirty days of the date on which you ordered them, allcelticmusic.com shall have no liability to you unless notified in writing at the contact address below of the problem within forty days of the date of your order.
Should you require to notify allcelticmusic.com of a problem under this condition our only obligation will be at our option to:-
Make good any shortage or non-delivery;
Replace or repair any goods that are damaged or defective; or
Refund to you the amount paid by you for the goods in question.
allcelticmusic.com will not be liable to you for any indirect or consequential loss or damage arising out of any problem notified to allcelticmusic.com under this condition and allcelticmusic.com shall have no liability to pay any money to you by way of compensation other than to refund to you the amount paid by you for the goods in question.
We will be entitled to set off any and all sums due by you to us against any and all sums due by us to you.
Suppliers
If you enter into a transaction through allcelticmusic.com to purchase services or vouchers for those services supplied directly by a third party, allcelticmusic.com are not responsible for the provision of those services or for any misunderstanding between you and the supplier. In all arrangements involving the direct provision of services by third parties, allcelticmusic.com accepts no liability of any kind in connection with or arising from such an arrangement.
DISCLAIMER
The services, materials and information contained on the website are provided by allcelticmusic.com “as is”. To the best of allcelticmusic.com’s knowledge, the information is accurate and current. However, allcelticmusic.com and its related bodies corporate, any of their directors, officers, employees, consultants or shareholders
(“allcelticmusic.com’s Associates”) do not make any representation or warranty as to the accuracy or completeness of the information. To the fullest extent permitted by applicable law, allcelticmusic.com disclaims all representations and warranties, express or implied to the extent permitted by law, including but not limited to implied warranties of satisfactory quality, merchantability and fitness for a particular purpose with respect to this service, the products or any content or materials.
Release and Indemnity
You agree to waive any and all claims that you now have or may have in the future against allcelticmusic.com and allcelticmusic.com’s Associates which relate to or are incidental to any transaction.
Applicable Law
These Terms and Conditions are governed by the laws in force in Scotland and you irrevocably and unconditionally submit to the non-exclusive jurisdiction of the courts of Scotland and any courts, which may hear appeals from those courts.
Virus Warning
All care is taken to ensure that the allcelticmusic.com website and data transmissions are free from viruses. However, it is your responsibility to scan any such data for viruses.
Privacy PolicyAt All Celtic Music we respect your right to privacy. Our relationship with you is valuable and we understand the importance you place on the privacy and security of information that personally identifies you. In that respect, and whether you are a first time visitor to our website or a regular user, we take your privacy seriously. Please read the following in order to learn more about our privacy policy and our information gathering and dissemination practices.
1. The information we collect and what we use it for
All Celtic Music collects personally identifiable information when you register with us and when you use our services. We may also receive information about you from our business partners or marketing firms. We ask you for personal data only when it is needed to provide goods or services you have enquired about or asked us to provide or to respond to your requests for information. Our registration process involves providing us with your name, address and e-mail address. We also receive and record information by tracking user traffic patterns throughout our pages to maintain a record of the movements of visitors to our site such as the page visited and the product and/or service requested.
All Celtic Music uses this information in order to customise the advertising and content you see on our pages, to fulfil your request for certain products and services and to communicate with you generally.
All Celtic Music will not contact you about special offers, promotions or new products unless you specifically agree to be contacted for these purposes.
2. What information do we share?
There are times when we require to share the information we learn from you with other parties. However, the information we hold on our customers is an important part of our business and it is not our business to sell or rent this information to others. We will send personally identifiable information about our customers to other companies or people, however, in the following situations:-
Agents: We employ other companies and individuals to perform functions in certain situations on our behalf. Examples of these functions include delivering packages, sending postal mail and e-mail, providing marketing assistance and data analysis, handling credit card transactions, fulfilling orders and providing customer service. These agents have access to the personal information required in order to perform their functions but may not use it for any other purpose.
Subsidiaries and strategic partners: We share customer information with subsidiaries under our control and also with our affiliated businesses but we only share customer information relating to a transaction with that business.
Promotional Offers: Other companies sometimes ask us to market their products and/or services on our site and we sometimes send these offers to our customers on behalf of these other businesses. When we do this, we do not give that business your name and address. You will not receive such offers unless you specifically agree to be contacted for these purposes.
Website Usage Data: Our website keeps track of usage data, such as the source address your request is coming from, the referring website (if any) and other parameters in the URL (eg such criteria). We use this information together with information on sales, tracking patterns and navigation techniques to better understand website usage and so we know which areas of our website users prefer. This information is stored and used for aggregate and statistical reporting and may be shared with reputable third parties but is not attributed to you as an individual.
Business Transfers: We are continually trying to expand and improve our business and we may sell or buy businesses or assets in these transactions. Customer information is generally one of the transferred business assets in these situations and in the event that All Celtic Music or substantially all of its assets are acquired, customer information may be one of the transferred assets.
Compliance with law: We will release personal information on our customers where we are required to by law. We may also exchange other information with other companies and organisations for fraud protection and credit risk reduction.
Customer consent: Other than in the above situations you will receive notice from us when your personal information might go to third parties and your information will not be shared unless you specifically agree to be contacted for these purposes.
3. Security
All information is received by us and retrieved using secure technology. In order to provide a safe and secure environment for your personal information we try to use up to date technology with a view to protecting that information against loss, misuse or unauthorised alteration. The effectiveness of our safety measures can be enhanced by you creating passwords that cannot be easily accessed, guessed or reproduced by unauthorised persons.
4. Cookies
A cookie is a small data file that certain web sites write to your hard drive when you visit them. The only personal information a cookie can contain is information a user supplies him or herself. A cookie can’t read data off your hard disk or read cookie files created by other sites. Cookies, however, enhance our web site performance in a number of ways including providing a secure way for us to verify your identity during your visit to our website and personalising your experience on our site making it more convenient for you. All Celtic Music therefore uses cookie technology to track or record information about visitors to our site. These cookies are ‘session specific’ and are not used to record personal information or to associate personal information with the use of the All Celtic Music service. Your privacy and security are not compromised when you accept a cookie from our website. You can refuse cookies by turning them off on your web browser, however you will need cookies turned on to use some of our services.
5. How long will we keep my personal information
We will hold your personal information on our systems for as long as you are registered with us. If you wish to cancel your registration, please send an e-mail to sales@allcelticmusic.com and your account will be deleted. Once an account is deleted, personal information attaching to that account will not be used or processed by All Celtic Music other than to fulfill exiting contracts, and will be deleted as soon as any outstanding contracts are fulfilled.
6. Changes to Privacy Policy
We may edit this policy from time to time. If we make any substantial changes we will notify you by posting a prominent announcement on our web pages.
6. Questions or Suggestions
If you have any questions or suggestions regarding this policy or believe we are not properly adhering to it, please send an e-mail to sales@allcelticmusic.com
Contact UsAll Celtic Music
46 Elliot Street,
Glasgow,
Scotland
G3 8DZ.
Order queries: sales@allcelticmusic.com
ACCOUNTLogin / RegisterMy AccountHelpSHOPPING CART
You have no items in your order.
MAILING LISTEnter your email address below to get updates on new releasesTOP SELLERSÓrachThe Tannahill WeaversCD: £12.15BeyondTaliskCD: £10.29In Praise of HomeRuraCD: £11.80OsgarraBeinn LeeCD: £11.80St. Kilda WeddingOssianDownload: £7.00EvoSkerryvoreCD: £10.00CavalierEddi ReaderCD: £10.00SleeperKanCD: £12.60100 Scottish GreatsVarious Artists4xCD: £9.40Songs Of The Jacobites -Vol 2Kenneth McKellarYOUTUBEWe have a
YouTube channel where you can watch some of the celtic music related videos we've found.www.youtube.com/allcelticmusicThreads of SoundThe downloads on this site are provided by Threads of Sound. They also distribute music to iTunes, eMusic, Spotify and many others. If you want to sell your music on all celtic then you register it via Threads of Sound.www.threadsofsound.netMASTHEAD
Our current header image
was taken by Nick Bramhall and you can find the original here.
Privacy Policy | Terms & Conditions | Contact Us© Threads of Sound Music Services Limited. T/A All Celtic Music - Registered in Scotland no. 475134