http://www.santaletters.org/terms
Home
What do you get
Faq
Contact
Toys For Tots
X
Order Package
What Comes In The Package
FAQ
Contact
Toys For Tots
Terms and Conditions
Last Updated: September 1st, 2020
The terms and conditions set forth below (the "Terms") govern you and your relationship with us while
on this site on the World Wide Web (the "site") and in connection with your use of this site, and
are legally binding on you. If you do not agree with any of the terms, please do not access or
otherwise use this site or any information contained on this site. This website allows you to create
Personalized Santa letters along with other content along with purchasing Personalized products. It
is provided solely for your personal enjoyment which allows you to share with family and friends and
for no other purposes. The term "you" refers to the user visiting and/or contributing a content to
any SantaLetters.org website.
We reserve the right, at our sole discretion, to change, modify, add, or delete portions of the Terms
at any time without further notice. If we do this, we will post the changes to these Terms in the
appropriate location and indicate the updated date at the top of the webpage. Your continued use of
SantaLetters.org after such changes constitutes your acceptance of the new Terms. If you do not
agree to abide by these or any future Terms, do not use or access (or continue to use or access)
SantaLetters.org. It is your responsibility to regularly check to determine if there have been
changes to the Terms and to review such changes.
FREE ACCOUNT
To create personalized content, this website requires you to create a SantaLetters.org free member
account by entering your email address and password. We may also require the email address of the
recipient of the personalized content and other information necessary to create the content. It is
your responsibility to provide, maintain and update true, accurate, current and complete information
about yourself. You shall not impersonate any person or entity or misrepresent your identity or
affiliation with any person or entity, including but not limited to using another person's username,
password or other account information, or another person's name, likeness, image or photograph. You
also agree to promptly notify SantaLetters.org by email of any unauthorized use of your username,
password other account information, or any other breach of security that you become aware of
involving or relating to SantaLetters.org.
ELIGIBILITY/REGISTRATION INFORMATION AND ACCOUNT SECURITYAs a condition for your use of this
website, you warrant that (i) you are at least eighteen (18) years of age; (ii) you (or your legal
guardian) possess the legal authority to create a binding legal obligation; (iii) you will use this
website in accordance with these Terms; (iv) all information supplied by you on this website is
true, accurate, current and complete, and (v) if you have an account with us, you will safeguard
your account information and will supervise and be completely responsible for any use of your
account by you and anyone other than you. We retain the right at our sole discretion to deny access
to anyone to this website and the services we offer, at any time and for any reason, including, but
not limited to, for violation of the Terms.
SUBMISSIONS
In these Terms, we use the word "Submissions" to mean text, messages, photographs, images and other
information or content that you may upload through SantaLetters.org to create your personalized
content, including your and/or other persons' personal information. You represent and warrant that
you have obtained all necessary consents from such third parties consistent with the full scope of
rights granted to SantaLetters.org pursuant to these Terms, and agree that such persons shall not
assert any intellectual property, privacy, publicity, contractual, moral or similar rights, or make
any claims that any Submissions are objectionable or otherwise defamatory under the laws of the
United States and any other country in connection with the exploitation of such materials as
described hereunder.
We, our licensees and other authorized users shall be entitled to transmit and disclose through
SantaLetters.ORG all Submissions, and we shall not be liable to you or to any person claiming
through you for any exploitation or disclosure of any Submission.
In addition, you are fully responsible for the content of your Submissions, and you are prohibited
from posting or transmitting to or from this website: (i) any unlawful, threatening, libelous,
defamatory, obscene, pornographic, or other material, or content that you have not been authorized
to post or that would violate rights of publicity and/or privacy or any other law or regulation, or
any material which may be interpreted as offensive to a child or an adult; (ii) any content that is
violent, vulgar, obscene, pornographic or otherwise sexually explicit or otherwise harms any person
or entity, is illegal or encourages or advocates illegal activity or the discussion of illegal
activities with the intent to commit them, including a Submission that is, or represents an attempt
to, engage in child pornography, stalking, sexual assault, fraud, trafficking in obscene or stolen
material, or conspiracy to commit any criminal activity; (iii) any commercial material or content
(including, but not limited to, advertising, or marketing of any good or services); (iv) viruses,
corrupted data or other harmful, disruptive or destructive files; and (v) any material or content
that infringes, misappropriates or violates any copyright, trademark, patent right or other
proprietary right of any third party.You shall be solely liable for any damages resulting from
any violation of the foregoing restrictions, or any other harm resulting from your posting of
Submissions to this website. You acknowledge that SantaLetters.org may exercise its rights (e.g.,
rights to use, publish and/or delete) with respect to any Submission without notice to you.
SantaLetters.org policies with respect to claims by third parties that the content of the website,
including the content of any Submissions, infringes the copyrights owned by said third party can be
found in the Claims of Copyright Infringement section below.
PROHIBITED ACTIVITIES
The content and information on this website, as well as the infrastructure used to provide such
content and information, is proprietary to us and/or our suppliers and providers. While you may view
the Content you created as long as it is available and send links to others to do same, you agree
not to otherwise modify, copy, distribute, transmit, display, perform, reproduce, publish, license,
create derivative works from, transfer, or sell or re-sell the content purchased from or through
this website. Additionally, you agree not to: (i) use this website or its contents for any
commercial purpose; (ii) access, monitor, or copy any content or information of this website using
any robot, spider, scraper or other automated means or any manual process for any purpose without
our express written permission; (iii) violate the restrictions in any robot exclusion headers of
this website or bypass or circumvent other measures employed to prevent or limit access to this
website; (iv) take any action that imposes, or may impose, in our discretion, an unreasonable or
disproportionately large load on our infrastructure; (v) deep-link to any portion of this website
for any purpose without our express written permission; or (vi) "frame", "mirror", or otherwise
incorporate any part of this website into any other website without our prior written authorization.
OWNERSHIP RIGHTS/LICENSES
Subject to your compliance with these Terms, SantaLetters.org grants you a non-exclusive,
non-transferable, revocable limited license to access and use this website using a web browser or
mobile device, solely for your own non-commercial entertainment purposes. You agree not to use the
Service for any other purpose.
Except for Submissions you may upload to our servers while creating your personalized content, all
content accessed through the SantaLetters.org website, including applications, designs, graphics,
music, pictures, software, sound, text, video, and other content and their layout, are proprietary
property of SantaLetters.org, its users, or its licensors with all rights reserved. None of this
content may be modified, copied, distributed, framed, reproduced, republished, downloaded,
displayed, posted, transmitted, or sold in any form by any means, in whole or in part, without
SantaLetters.org prior written permission, unless the content is purchased as allowed by the
website, in which case your rights shall be governed by the Terms of Sale. In return, you
specifically grant us a non-exclusive, transferable, sub-licensable, royalty-free, irrevocable,
worldwide license to transmit to the recipient (or any other person) of the personalized Content and
to any Submission that you upload onto the SantaLetters.org website. Except for Submissions, you may
not upload or republish any of SantaLetters.org content on any internet, intranet, or extranet site
or incorporate the information in any other database or compilation. This license is subject to
these Terms and does not include use of any data mining, robots, or similar data gathering or
extraction methods. Any use of SantaLetters.org other than as specifically authorized herein,
without the prior written permission from us, is strictly prohibited and will terminate the license
granted herein. Such use may also violate applicable laws, including copyright and trademark laws.
You agree and acknowledge that we transfer no ownership interests in (i) SantaLetters.org or (ii) in
the intellectual property of SantaLetters.org to you under these Terms or otherwise.
TRADEMARKS
SantaLetters.org, and other company graphics, logics, designs, page headers, icons, scripts, and
service names are registered trademarks, trademarks or trade dress of SantaLetters.org in the United
States. Our trademarks and trade dress may not be used, including as part of trademarks and/or as
part of domain names, in connection with any product or service in any manner that is likely to
cause confusion and may not be copied, imitated, or used, in whole or in part, without prior written
permission from us. All other brand and product names used herein or on the SantaLetters.org website
are trademarks or registered trademarks of their respective owners.
SMS POLICY
Effective September 1, 2020, anyone who opts in (by clicking on a designated text box) via any
SantaLetters.org website agrees to receive Short Message Service ("SMS") and/or other recurring
marketing text messages from SantaLetters.org. Text messages are sent using autodialed technology to
the wireless (cellular) number that you provided to SantaLetters.org.
You do not have to sign up for this service in order to buy goods or services. To participate, in
addition to opting in, you must have a wireless (cellular) device of your own capable of 2-way
messaging, be using a participating wireless (cellular) carrier, and be a wireless (cellular)
service subscriber with text messaging service. Not all cellular phone providers carry the necessary
service to participate.
This service is offered on an "as-is" basis and may not be available in all areas at all times and
may not continue to work in the event of product, software, coverage or other changes made by your
wireless (cellular) carrier. You agree that SantaLetters.org will not be liable for any delays or
failures in your receipt of any SMS messages and/or other recurring marketing text messages, as
delivery is subject to effective transmission from your network operator and processing by your
mobile device, or for any other reason whatsoever which is in any way related to this service. Your
carrier may impose message or charge limitations on your account that are outside of our control.
Check your phone capabilities for specific text messaging instructions. You represent that you are
the owner, or authorized user of the wireless device used to subscribe to this service, and that you
are authorized to approve the applicable charges. You further represent that you are 18 years of age
or older. Persons 15 to 17 years of age may participate with parental consent, except where
restricted by state law, and clicking to submit enrollment affirms they have permission to incur
mobile message or data charges.
By opting in, you consent to receiving up to 5 SMS messages per week, including text messages and/or
other recurring marketing text messages from SantaLetters.org, which may include offers from
SantaLetters.org. You will be charged the standard text messaging fee by your wireless (cellular)
carrier for each message you send or receive, in accordance with your cellular subscription
agreement. Message and data rates may apply, depending on your cellular subscription agreement. You
are responsible for all applicable taxes. Consult your wireless (cellular) service provider
regarding their pricing plans.
Participant Opt-Out or Help: To opt out of future messages at any time, text STOP to 888-919-3394,
reply STOP to any text message, contact us via e-mail at sales@SantaLetters.org, or call
888-919-3394. To receive help at any time, text HELP to 888-919-3394, or reply HELP to any text
message.
Data obtained from you in connection with this service may include your mobile phone number, your
carrier's name, the date, time and content of your messages and other information that you may
provide. We may use this information to contact you and to provide the services you request from us,
and to otherwise operate, develop, and improve the service. Your wireless carrier and other service
providers may also collect data from your SMS usage, and their practices are governed by their own
policies. We will only use the information you provide to transmit your text message or as otherwise
described in this section, or for other business purposes. Nonetheless, we reserve the right at all
times to disclose any information as necessary to satisfy any law, regulation or governmental
request, to avoid liability, or to protect our rights or property. When you complete forms online or
otherwise provide us information in connection with the service, you agree to provide accurate,
complete, and true information. Please also review the SantaLetters.org Policy. All Terms are
subject to the data collection and other matters outlined in the Privacy Policy.
This service as well as the content and materials received through the service are proprietary to us
and our licensors, and is for your personal, non-commercial use only. You shall not damage, impair,
interfere with or disrupt the service or its functionality.
We reserve the right to alter charges and/or these terms and conditions from time to time. We may
suspend or terminate the service to you if we believe you are in breach of our terms and conditions.
Your service is also subject to termination in the event your wireless service terminates or lapses.
We may discontinue the service at any time.
WARRANTY/LIMITATION OF LIABILITY
THE INFORMATION, SOFTWARE, PRODUCTS, AND SERVICES PUBLISHED ON THIS WEBSITE ARE PROVIDED TO YOU "AS
IS" AND MAY INCLUDE INACCURACIES OR ERRORS. YOU EXPRESSLY AGREE THAT YOUR ACCEPTANCE AND USE OF
SantaLetters.org IS AT YOUR SOLE RISK.
PACKAGEFROMSANTA DOES NOT GUARANTEE THE ACCURACY OF, AND DISCLAIMS ALL LIABILITY FOR, ANY ERRORS OR
OTHER INACCURACIES RELATING TO ANY INFORMATION, PHOTOGRAPH(S), ETC., DISPLAYED ON THIS WEBSITE OR IN
RESULTING CONTENT. SantaLetters.org IS NOT RESPONSIBLE FOR ANY CHARGES INCURRED BECAUSE OF THE USE
OF THE SERVICE, INCLUDING BUT NOT LIMITED TO BANDWIDTH OVERAGE CHARGES. FURTHERMORE,
SantaLetters.org AND ITS SUPPLIERS MAKE NO REPRESENTATIONS ABOUT THE SUITABILITY OF THE INFORMATION,
SOFTWARE, VIDEO, PRODUCTS, AND SERVICES CONTAINED ON THIS WEBSITE FOR ANY PURPOSE, AND THE INCLUSION
OR OFFERING OF ANY PRODUCTS OR SERVICES ON THIS WEBSITE DOES NOT CONSTITUTE ANY ENDORSEMENT OR
RECOMMENDATION OF SUCH PRODUCTS OR SERVICES BY SantaLetters.org. ALL SUCH INFORMATION, SOFTWARE,
PRODUCTS, AND SERVICES ARE PROVIDED "AS IS" WITHOUT WARRANTY OF ANY KIND. SantaLetters.org AND ITS
SUPPLIERS DISCLAIM ALL WARRANTIES AND CONDITIONS THAT THIS WEBSITE, ITS SERVERS OR ANY EMAIL SENT BY
SantaLetters.org AND/OR ITS SUPPLIERS ARE FREE OF VIRUSES OR OTHER HARMFUL COMPONENTS.
SantaLetters.org AND ITS SUPPLIERS HEREBY DISCLAIM ALL WARRANTIES AND CONDITIONS WITH REGARD TO THIS
INFORMATION, SOFTWARE, VIDEO, PRODUCTS, AND SERVICES, INCLUDING ALL IMPLIED WARRANTIES AND
CONDITIONS OF MERCHANTABILITY, FITNESS FOR A PARTICULAR PURPOSE, TITLE, AND NONINFRINGEMENT.
IN NO EVENT SHALL SantaLetters.org BE LIABLE FOR ANY DIRECT, INDIRECT, PUNITIVE, INCIDENTAL, SPECIAL,
OR CONSEQUENTIAL DAMAGES ARISING OUT OF, OR IN ANY WAY CONNECTED WITH, YOUR ACCESS TO, DISPLAY OF OR
USE OF THIS WEBSITE, OR WITH THE DELAY OR INABILITY TO ACCESS, DISPLAY OR USE THIS WEBSITE
(INCLUDING, BUT NOT LIMITED TO, ANY COMPUTER VIRUSES, INFORMATION, SOFTWARE, LINKED SITES, PRODUCTS,
AND SERVICES OBTAINED THROUGH THIS WEBSITE; OR OTHERWISE ARISING OUT OF THE ACCESS TO, DISPLAY OF OR
USE OF THIS WEBSITE) WHETHER BASED ON A THEORY OF NEGLIGENCE, CONTRACT, TORT, STRICT LIABILITY, OR
OTHERWISE, AND EVEN IF SantaLetters.org OR ITS SUPPLIERS HAVE BEEN ADVISED OF THE POSSIBILITY OF
SUCH DAMAGES.
If, despite the limitation above, SantaLetters.org are found liable for any loss or damage which
arises out of or in any way connected with any of the occurrences described above, then the
liability of SantaLetters.org will in no event exceed, in the aggregate, the greater of (i) the fee,
if any, you paid to SantaLetters.org in connection with the services available on this website, or
(ii) One Hundred U.S. Dollars (US $100.00) or the equivalent in local currency.
The limitation of liability reflects the allocation of risk between the parties. The limitations
specified in this section will survive and apply even if any limited remedy specified in these Terms
is found to have failed of its essential purpose. The limitations of liability provided in these
Terms inure to the benefit of the SantaLetters.org.
ENFORCEMENT OF TERMS
If you fail to fulfill any of your obligations under these Terms, we may terminate your rights
granted under these Terms and may pursue all available legal remedies to enforce these Terms. Should
legal remedies be used to enforce these Terms, you agree to reimburse us for any and all legal and
accommodation expenses arising from the dispute. You agree that our licensors referenced on the
SantaLetters.org website may enforce these Terms as it relates to their intellectual property.
INDEMNIFICATION
You agree to defend and indemnify SantaLetters.org and any of their officers, directors, employees
and agents from and against any claims, causes of action, demands, recoveries, losses, damages,
fines, penalties or other costs or expenses of any kind or nature, including but not limited to
reasonable legal and accounting fees, brought by third parties as a result of: (i) your breach of
these Terms or the documents referenced herein; (ii) your violation of any law or the rights of a
third party; or (iii) your use of this website.
GOVERNING LAW
This Website is operated by a USA entity and these Terms are governed by the laws of Florida.
Additional rules may also apply in your jurisdiction. You hereby consent to the exclusive
jurisdiction and venue of courts sitting in the state of Florida for all disputes arising out of or
relating to the use of this website. Use of this website is unauthorized in any jurisdiction that
does not give effect to all provisions of these Terms, including, without limitation, this
paragraph. We make no representation that SantaLetters.org is appropriate or available for use in
any particular location. Those who choose to use SantaLetters.org do so on their own initiative and
are responsible for compliance with all applicable laws including any applicable local laws.
Our performance of these Terms is subject to existing laws and legal process(es), and nothing
contained in these Terms limits our right to comply with law enforcement or other governmental or
legal requests or requirements relating to your use of this website or any information provided to
or gathered by us with respect to such use. To the extent allowed by applicable law, you agree that
you will bring any claim or cause of action arising from or relating to your access or use of this
website within two (2) years from the date on which such claim or action arose or accrued or the
date such claim or cause of action will be irrevocably waived.
If any part of these Terms is found to be invalid, illegal or unenforceable, the validity, legality
and enforceability of the remaining provisions will not in any way be affected or
impaired.These Terms (and any other terms and conditions referenced herein) constitutes the
entire agreement between you and SantaLetters.org with respect to this Website and supersedes all
prior or contemporaneous communications and proposals, whether electronic, oral, or written, between
you and SantaLetters.org with respect to this website. A printed version of the Terms and of any
notice given in electronic form shall be admissible in judicial or administrative proceedings based
upon or relating to the Terms to the same extent and subject to the same conditions as other
business documents and records originally generated and maintained in printed form.
LAWS GOVERNING WARRANTIES AND LIABILITY
The law(s) of jurisdiction may define the scope of warranty to be provided for services or the manner
in which the supplier’s liability may be limited and such law(s) shall govern these Terms only
to the extent of a party protected by such law(s) cannot waive the protection by contract. Some
jurisdictions do not allow the limitation or exclusion of liability for incidental or consequential
damages, or allow the exclusion of implied warranties; therefore, some of the limitations and
exclusions above may not apply to you, or you may have other rights not explicitly mentioned herein.
Privacy|Terms and Conditions|FAQ|Contact Us|Affiliate Signup
325 S. Santa Claus Lane North Pole, AK 99705