http://www.graysofwestminster.co.uk/legend/privacy-policy.php
020-7828 4925|Store Opening Hours|Glossary
Est. 1985 - the Kind of Service of which Legends are Made
Some Important Information For Our CustomersThe shop is now open by appointment only. Hours of business: Monday to Friday 10:00 a.m. to 5:30 p.m.. Alternatively, you can still shop with us online or over the telephone 020-7828 4925.
Grays of Westminster
Online Shop
New Equipment
New Equipment
New Nikon Camera Equipment
Nikon Manual Focus Lenses Pricelist
Price-Match Guarantee
Instruction Manuals
Hawkesmill Bags & Straps
Think Tank Camera Bags
Book Shop
Grays Merchandise
Ordering Information
Finance
Currency Converter
Nikon Data
Gift Certificates
Second-hand Equipment
Second-hand Equipment
Autofocus Nikkor Lenses
Nikon Digital Cameras
Nikon 35mm Film Cameras
Nikon Mirrorless
Manual Focus Nikkor Lenses
Vintage & Pre-AI Nikkor Lenses
Nikon Rangefinder Equipment
Nikon Accessories
Nikonos
Nikon Cine Cameras
Second-hand Grading
Wants List
Wanted for Cash
How to Find Us
Contact Us
About Us
News
Events
An Introduction
Grays of Westminster Film
Testimonials
In The Movies
Grays of Westminster Gazette
Tour the Shop
Awards
What the Press say
What other websites say
Book an appointment
Blog
Store Opening Hours
Glossary
Privacy Policy
Home / Privacy Policy
Data Protection Policy and Privacy Notice
Privacy
Who we are
Grays of Westminster is the trading name of Nine Stars Limited, a company registered in England under company number 5652450. We manage and make decisions about personally identifiable information we hold, including from time to time transferring that information to other companies who act on our behalf.
What we do
We buy and sell cameras and equipment, in particular those manufactured by Nikon. We also conduct a range of events, and work with Nikon Owner to offer magazine subscriptions with additional benefits from Grays of Westminster. In order to do this, we store personal and contact information about our recent and past customers and event attendees, which we use to keep them updated on products.
How to contact us
You can call us on +44(0)207 828 4925, or send an email to info@graysofwestminster.co.uk.
If you would prefer to write to us, our office address is:
Grays of Westminster
40 Churton Street
Pimlico
London SW1V 2LP
UNITED KINGDOM
Personally Identifiable Information
Grays of Westminster stores and uses information that could be used to identify a living person. The purpose of this storage and use will vary depending on the area of the business that it pertains to. Where consent is required or used as the basis for storage and use of personal information, this will be clearly communicated, and the person providing their consent has the right to withdraw it at any time.
Human Resources
We store information relating to employees and contractors so that we have adequate records to be able to contact, manage and pay them, and meet our legal obligations as an employer. This information may be sent to another company working on our behalf, where the relationship is defined by a contract, and they are not permitted to use the information in any way we have not explicitly asked them to. Only certain authorised personnel within the company have access to this information.
Marketing
We conduct direct marketing activities in order to market opportunities and offers to our recent and past customers. Since we obtain contact details for people in the course of a sale, we believe their privacy rights are balanced with our business interests.
Purchasing
From time to time we may store names and business contact details of individual people working for our suppliers' business. This is necessary to ensure we are able to contact the relevant people and maintain a relationship to the benefit of both our and their business.
Service Delivery
Grays of Westminster requests certain personal information such as name, email address and postal address, in order to provide the service of delivering goods and services.
Sources of Personal Information
Information about individuals may originate from different sources, including being collected from the person themselves. We agree to disclose the source of any data we hold about a person upon their request.
Rights of Data Subjects
People whose information we hold are called "data subjects". We respect the rights of data subjects and will work with anyone exercising those rights to ensure their expectation of privacy is met.
Anyone has the right to object to the use of their personal information for the purpose of direct marketing at any time, and Grays of Westminster will always respect such a decision, provided that it is communicated clearly and that we can verify the identity of the person making the request. This can be as simple as making the request from the same email address or telephone number that we associate with the person. We do not use data subject requests to collect further information about a person, and any additional contact details obtained in the course of such discussions are used only in connection with that request, so that we can maintain clear and informative communication with the person and ensure their needs and expectations are met.
If a data subject is unhappy with the way Grays of Westminster have collected, stored or used their personal information, or the way we have dealt with their request, we acknowledge that they have the right to lodge a complaint with the Information Commissioner's Office in the United Kingdom.
How we use Cookies on this Website
A cookie is a small file which asks permission to be placed on your computer's hard drive or other data storage device. Once you agree, the file is added. Cookies allow web applications to respond to you as an individual. The web application can tailor its operations to your needs, likes and dislikes by gathering and remembering information about your preferences.
Our website uses cookies which are essential to the operation of the site, and which store the basic preferences of the user (e.g. the user's choice whether or not to accept cookies).
We also use cookies to track the use of our websites (e.g. to identify which pages are being used). This can include the use of Google Analytics and other 3rd party services. This helps us analyse data about web page traffic and improve our website in order to tailor it to customer needs. We only use this information for statistical analysis purposes.
Other 3rd Party Cookies
We may use 3rd party cookies to help us present our visitors with more targeted information using services such as Facebook advertising. Tracking cookies are also set by the "Add this" social media sharing service.
Overall, cookies help us provide you with a better website and service by enabling us to monitor which pages you find useful and which you do not. A cookie in no way gives us access to your computer or any information about you, other than the data you choose to share with us.
You can choose to accept or decline cookies using the slide-up panel at the bottom of our website. You can change your preferences at any time by clicking on the Cookies link in the footer which will redisplay the slide-up panel.
Data Storage and Security
We do our best to store information relating to our business on computer systems rather than paper files, although it is often necessary to print or write upon such items as payslips, cheques and invoices, which will usually contain information about the recipient. While these and similar items are ordinarily transferred quickly in sealed envelopes or given directly to the recipient, any storage of them is managed by authorised staff who ensure that unauthorised persons do not have direct access. Aside from this, address information will be printed on a visible portion of the packaging of any parcel sent in order to deliver goods purchased to a customer.
It is our policy that data stored electronically be protected from unauthorised access, accidental deletion and malicious hacking attempts.
Data Retention
Except where a legal obligation to retain data exists, Grays of Westminster does not store personal information for any longer than is necessary for its defined purpose. Wherever an individual has expressed that they no longer wish to have information we hold about them used for the purpose under which we hold it, we may continue to store certain identifiers to ensure that person's information does not re-enter our systems at a later date.
Data we hold about subscribers and past subscribers will be held according to their agreement.
When data is no longer to be retained, its removal, deletion or erasure will be performed according to processes suitable for the medium, for example the secure shredding of paper documents, deletion from internal systems, or overwriting (wiping) of hard disks.
Join our Mailing List
Go
MAIN MENU
Home
New Equipment
Second-hand Equipment
Wanted for Cash
How to Find Us
Contact Us
About Us
Blog
Store Opening Hours
Glossary
CONTACT US
40 Churton Street
Pimlico, London
SW1V 2LP, England
Telephone: +44 (0)20-7828 4925
E-mail: info@graysofwestminster.co.uk
Opening hours:
Mon - Fri: 10:00am - 5:30pm
Closed on Public and Bank Holidays
CORPORATE
Registered in
England & Wales.
Registered office:
40 Churton Street
Pimlico, London
SW1V 2LP, England
Company Reg. No. 5652450
VAT No. 872 2684 03
11
Copyright 2020 Grays of Westminster. All Rights Reserved. Site by Amazing Internet
Terms & Conditions|Privacy Policy|Cookies