http://www.northsiderx.com/help
QUICK REFILL
REFILL LOGIN
CREATE ACCOUNT
Toggle Navigation
About Us
Our TeamServicesFlu ShotsQuick RefillRefill LoginCreate AccountCareers
Shop Online
Customer Survey
Northside PharmacyNorthside Home Medical EquipmentNorthside Home Infusion
Health Resources
Recent Health NewsPill IdentifierDrug Search
Stay Connected
Recent NewsPhoto GalleryUpcoming Events
Locations
Northside Pharmacy Bell StreetNorthside Pavilion PharmacyNorthside Pharmacy Forest AvenueNorthside Maysville PharmacyNorthside Roseville PharmacyNorthside Somerset PharmacyNorthside New Concord PharmacyNorthside Cambridge PharmacyNorthside MVHC PharmacyNorthside Home InfusionNorthside Pharmacy Nursing Home DivisionNorthside Oxygen and Medical Equipment
Help
Home
Help
Registration
Do I have to register to refill my prescriptions?
Registration is not required. You can use the Quick Refill feature located on the Home Page to request refills.
Why should I register?
By registering, you are able to view your full prescription list, drug uses, side effects, precautions as well as print or email your list.
Does my prescription need to be refillable in order to register?
No; however, the prescription does need to be active (meaning not expired).
How do I register?
Click “Create Account” on the home page (or under the About Us tab) to begin the registration process. Complete the fields as it appears on your prescription label.
Is the password case-sensitive?
Yes. There is also a minimum requirement of 8 characters.
Why do I need to provide my personal information in order to register?
For security reasons, we require you to enter personal details that allows us to match your information with our pharmacy system. Rest assured that none of your personal information is ever stored remotely on the web server or sold to outside companies.
Can I register an account for my entire family?
Yes; you can add up to 10 profiles.
Simply create the primary account and click on "Add Family" from your settings page.
Do you save my personal information?
We do not store any personal information.
What happens if I couldn't be matched?
Be sure the information you entered is correct. Please note: The information must match what we have in our system.
If you have recently moved, please call us to update our records.
If you continue to have difficulties, please call us to assist.
Who do I contact if I am having difficulties registering?
For security reasons, we ask that you call your local Northside Pharmacy directly. You can locate the telephone number under the "Locations" tab.
When I try to register, I get a message that "My Pharmacy is Not Connected." What does that mean?
The pharmacy system was not accessible during the time of registration.
Typically, this can occur after business hours or a power outage at the store. Please contact us the next business day so we can make sure it is resolved.
Why do I need a security question?
Should you have entered the email address incorrectly, the person who receives the email confirmation will not be able to complete the registration without knowing the answer to your security question.
What if I do not like the security questions?
We have narrowed the choices to make it easier for patients to choose.
Please select the best question that you will remember when confirming your account.
You will not need to know this security question in the future.
Can I select another pharmacy location?
You are only able to select the location where your prescriptions have been filled.
This service is only provided to patients within our pharmacy.
It does not allow third-party registrations (e.g. Walgreens, CVS).
We would be happy to transfer over any prescriptions to our pharmacy. We ask that you call us directly to assist you with this request.
I registered an account but cannot remember my login.
Can I create a new account?
Yes, but you cannot use the same username since it is taken. If you wish to keep the same username, please use the "Forgot Username/Password” feature from the login page. If you still have difficulties, please contact the pharmacy for assistance.
What if I never received my email confirmation?
You should receive a confirmation email within 5 minutes after submitting your registration. If not, please re-register and double check the email address you entered is correct.
What if I entered my email address incorrectly during registration?
Simply complete the form again.
Rest assured that if someone retrieves the email from the initial registration, they must enter the security answer you provided.
General Questions
Do I need to register to use the Quick Refill feature?
Registration is not required. The Quick Refill feature is a quick way to refill your prescriptions.
Why do you need my date of birth to use the Quick Refill?
To verify the request being submitted is a person and not a robot.
Where can I locate your Privacy Policy?
Our Privacy Policy is located at the bottom of our website.
How secure is my information?
We take security seriously.
You can feel confident in knowing any information being transmitted on our website is submitted securely.
In addition, our website is hosted on secure, trusted HIPAA compliant servers.
How can I transfer prescriptions from another pharmacy to you?
We would love the opportunity to serve as your trusted prescription provider. Please call the Northside Pharmacy you wish to use directly and we will be happy to assist you.
How can I request a new prescription?
Please call the Northside Pharmacy you wish to use directly and we will be happy to assist you.
Who do I contact if I am having technical difficulties?
If you experience web difficulties, please contact your Northside location with specific details to your question. Our team will reach out to the appropriate parties to make sure your questions are answered.
What information should I provide you if experiencing difficulties?
If you are a registered user, please include your username/email address associated with the account as well as a detailed description of the problem. If you are not a registered user, please provide an Rx# and a detailed description of the problem.
Where can I locate your store hours?
Our store hours can be accessible on the Location/Hours page.
Prescription List
Why is there a generic image for my medication?
If a pill image is not available for that particular drug, a stock image is displayed in its place.
How do I hide inactive or expired prescriptions?
From your Account page, select the profile you would like to edit. From the prescription list page, click on "Details" then "Advanced View Setting."
You can modify how prescriptions are viewed.
The bottom portion allows you to hide certain prescriptions based on specific criteria.
How can I make it easier to find my medications?
We have a few ways to make things easier.
You can use the search tool located on each profile's prescription list or click "Sort" to view by specifics (Last Filled, Rx Status, Rx Number or Drug Name).
Is there a quick way to view my other profiles besides the Edit Account page?
Yes!
If you are viewing another family members prescriptions, you can toggle between other profiles by clicking on the "Profiles" button.
If any profiles do not have a designated nickname, the drop down will display "View Unnamed Profile."
You will need to go into the Edit Account page and add a nickname.
What do the icons mean at the bottom of each prescription?
You can hover your mouse over each icon for a quick guide.
For a more detailed description, please reference the "Icons and Descriptions" located on the Help page.
Why does it say "Pharmacy not currently accepting online refills?"
The pharmacy system was not accessible during this time. Typically, this can occur after business hours or a power outage at the store. Please contact us the next business day so we can make sure it is resolved. In the meantime, please use the refill form provided.
Where can I view all/active/hidden prescriptions?
On the prescription page, click on “List” located above the prescriptions on the right.
A drop down will appear.
You can modify view settings.
What if my prescription list is incorrect?
We ask that you call us directly.
We can review your account and correct any errors.
Can I get a tax report of my prescriptions?
We do not offer this feature online. Please call us directly.
How do I know if you received my prescription request?
After submitting a request, please check the submission message provided. If a request was not refillable, the message will display that. To confirm receipt, please call us directly.
Further Questions?
Who can I contact for a specific question?
Contact your Northside location for any additional questions.
Your Account
What happens if I forget my username/password?
Refer to the "Forgot username/password" feature located on the login page.
Your username or password reset link will be sent to the email address on file.
What if I cannot remember my username or email on file?
Please contact us to assist.
What happens if I have been locked out of my account?
For added security measures, after 5 failed login attempts your account is locked for 30 minutes.
We recommend that you use the forgot password/username feature before you reach the 5 failed attempts.
If your account is locked, the password reset link will not work.
How do I update my email address?
Click on "Edit Account" from the My Account tab, select "Update Password/Notifications" and update your email address on the bottom of the page.
How do I change my password?
Click on "Edit Account" from the My Account tab, select "Update Password/Notifications" and update your password on the middle of the page.
Can I change my personal information?
For security reasons, we do not store personal details on the website. To update your information, please call us directly.
How do I modify my email reminders?
Click on "Edit Account" from the My Account tab, select "Update Password/Notifications" and update your notifications on the bottom of the page.
How do I remove/hide old prescriptions that I am no longer taking?
Due to the way your prescriptions are transmitted, we are unable to remove/hide inactive prescriptions. If you call us, we can manually suspend inactive prescriptions as those do not appear online.
When I tried to view my prescription list, it says "Pharmacy is Not Connected." What does that mean?
The pharmacy system was not accessible during this time.
Typically, this can occur after business hours or a power outage at the store. Please contact us the next business day so we can make sure it is resolved.
In the meantime, please use the refill form provided.
Why does my email reminder not include the drug name?
By default, we do not include patient name nor drug name. It is at the discretion of the pharmacy to offer this option. If we have opted in, you will have the ability to activate the drug name feature in your settings tab. Please note: We do not display patient names on email reminders to protect our customers privacy.
Can I add a family member to my existing account?
Absolutely! You can add up to 10 profiles.
From the My Account tab, click "Add Family" and complete the fields.
How many profiles can I have attached to my account?
We allow up to 10 profiles.
This can include family members, pets or multiple locations listed in the drop down (if applicable).
How can I update my insurance information?
We do not store insurance details on the website. To update your insurance information, please call us directly.
Can I get a tax report of my account prescriptions?
We do not offer this feature online. Please call us directly.
Can I remove profiles off of my account?
Yes; from your account page, click the gear icon located to the right of the profile you wish to remove.
Select "Remove Profile from Account" then confirm the request.
Can I delete my account?
You can request an account deletion but our support department will need to manually delete your account.
Icons and Descriptions
Visible – Prescriptions displaying an open eye means you have manually requested to see this drug or if no action has been taken.
Hidden – Prescriptions displaying a slash through the eye means you have manually requested this drug to be hidden or it meets your criteria.
Drug Details – Get specific details about your medication.
You can see the pill image larger, view number of refills remaining, next and last fill date and expiration date.
Patient Education – View your medications important information here.
Read about the uses, side effects, precautions and much more.
Email Details – You can email yourself a detailed description of certain medications.
Physician Details – Easily get access to your physician's name.
Print Details – Need to bring a hard copy of a medication to your doctor?
Print out your details using this tool.
Drug Video – Learn more about the medication you are taking.
Educational videos provided on certain medications.
Quick Refill – In a rush?
We understand.
Click on this icon to quickly request a refill.
Refill Cart – We made it easier to refill multiple prescriptions.
Manually Hidden – An unfilled star means you have expressly requested that this prescription be hidden at all times.
To turn off this designation, simply click the star.
Manually Displayed – A filled star means you have expressly requested that this prescription be displayed at all times.
To turn off this designation, simply click the star.
Facilities
Can you handle the prescription needs of large facilities and institutions?
Yes. Our online refilling can accommodate the needs of large facilities such as assisted living facilities, hospitals, camps, schools and correctional facilities.
How many profiles can one facility manage?
There is no maximum number of profiles a facility can add.
Can patients be identified more than just by their nickname?
Yes, each patient profile can have a custom identifier such as an account number or bed number.
Is there any way of sorting patient accounts?
Patient accounts may be separated by accounts that are currently active versus ones that are inactive.
Is it possible to leave comments for others to view for any one particular patient?
Yes. Under each Patient Profile Setting there is the ability to "Add Note to Patient's Profile and View Patient's Notes.
Your Pharmacy for Life!
Site Navigation
Shop Online
Health Resources
Stay Connected
Help
Locations / Hours
Privacy Policy
Contact Us
Northside Pharmacy Bell Street2899 Bell Street, Zanesville, OH 43701 (740) 453-0508 -
(740) 455-8846Northside Pavilion Pharmacy945 Bethesda Drive, Zanesville, OH 43701 (740) 454-4044 -
(740) 455-4912Northside Pharmacy Forest Avenue751 Forest Avenue, Zanesville, OH 43701 (740) 454-6970 -
(740) 452-9514Northside Maysville Pharmacy15 Maysville Avenue, Zanesville, OH 43701 (740) 453-3700 -
(740) 453-3737Northside Roseville Pharmacy157 S. Main Street, Roseville, OH 43777 (740) 697-0348 -
(740) 697-7064Northside Somerset Pharmacy110 West Main Street, Somerset, OH 43783 (740) 743-2185 -
(740) 743-2994Northside New Concord Pharmacy10 E. Main Street, New Concord, OH 43762 (740) 826-4000 -
(740) 826-4950Northside Cambridge Pharmacy1300 Clark Street, Cambridge, OH 43725 (740) 255-5844 -
(740) 255-5872Northside MVHC Pharmacy716 Adair Avenue, Zanesville, OH 43701 (740) 868-8171 -
(740) 868-8186
2020 © All Rights Reserved.
Privacy Policy