http://www.sunrise-arts.com/Info_help.html
Capture the beauty of the wind!
| Home
| Products
|
Contact us |
About us |
Our products are also available on Amazon.com
Ordering Info & Help
Shipping  -
Gift Wrapping  -
Credit Card Orders  -
Back Orders / Out-of-Stock  -
Sales Tax  -
Returns  -
Sunrise Arts Reviews  -
Privacy Policy  -
Documents & Instructions
Shipping:
Free Shipping:
There is no charge for shipping to all US states and territories unless Priority Shipping is
requested.
Priority Shipping:
If you would like to ship your order Priority or request a specific package carrier (USPS, Fedex or UPS) please
Contact Us. Your order will receive priority handling and we'll email you a
tracking number as soon as it ships.
Shipping Outside the US:
We can ship to most countries. If you would like to ship your order to a country outside of the United States,
please Contact Us for a shipping quote.
Gift Wrapping:
We offer a variety of gift wrapping for any just about occasion:
When the gift recipient opens their package, they see your choice of gift card, with a message from you, on top of a
gift wrapped cover. With the convenient pull ribbon, they just lift the cover to find your gift to them of a
beautifully hand crafted, Sunrise Arts wind spinner, ready to hang up and enjoy.
We can also put a message on the outside of the box ( such as; Do not open until Christmas), at you request.
We suggest placing gift orders separately, but if your order does contain both gift wrapped and non-gift wrapped
items, the gift wrapped items are shipped separately from non-giftwrapped items.
Credit Card Orders:
We use PayPal as our primary means of payment. But you don't have to have a PayPal account.
You can use your MasterCard, Visa, Discover, etc... as a PayPal guest.  Just click on the
plain "Check Out" button, not the "Check out with PayPal" button in the shopping cart. Then
follow the "Don't have a PayPal account" instructions.
Back Orders / Out-of-Stock Items:
Most orders can be filled from stock on hand. However, occasionally we may not be able to fill an order immediately.
If an order can't be filled within 7 days we'll attempt to contact you. If we don't hear from you, we'll hold the
order until all items are ready to ship.
Sales Tax:
State sales tax applies only to orders shipped within California. There is no sales tax for shipments outside California.
Returns:
We want you to be 100% satisfied with your purchase. If you'd like to return any part of your order for any reason
within 30 day of purchase, we'll issue you a refund for that item or send you a replacement.
Sunrise Arts Customer Reviews:
Customer reviews of our wind spinners sold on Amazon can be seen at our Amazon storefront: Sunrise Arts reviews on Amazon
Privacy Policy:
We are committed to your privacy. The information you provide to us is used only by Sunrise Arts in fulfilling
orders. We do not share or sell customer information, including email addresses, to any third party for any reason.
Documents & Instructions:
Cord replacement instructions for wood wind spinners.
Other Questions:
If you have any other questions or comments please contact
us.
Sunrise Arts copyright 2016, all rights reserved.