http://www.toddreed.com/pages/privacy-policy
Privacy Policy
Home /
Privacy Policy
Last modified: October 15, 2016 IntroductionTODD REED, INC. ("Company" or "we") respect your privacy and are committed to protecting it through our compliance with this policy. This policy describes the types of information we may collect from you or that you may provide when you visit the website toddreed.com (our "Website") and our practices for collecting, using, maintaining, protecting, and disclosing that information. This policy applies to information we collect on this Website or in email, text, and other electronic messages between you and this Website. This policy also applies to information collected when you interact with our advertising and applications on third-party websites and services, if those applications or advertising include links to this policy. It does not apply to information collected by us offline or through any other means, including on any other website operated by Company or any third party. It also does not apply to information collected by any third party, including through any application or content (including advertising) that may link to or be accessible from or on the Website. Please read this policy carefully to understand our policies and practices regarding your information and how we will treat it. If you do not agree with our policies and practices, your choice is not to use our Website. By accessing or using this Website, you agree to this privacy policy. This policy may change from time to time. Your continued use of this Website after we make changes is deemed to be acceptance of those changes, so please check the policy periodically for updates. Children Under the Age of 13Our Website is not intended for children under 13 years of age. No one under age 13 may provide any personal information to or on the Website. We do not knowingly collect personal information from children under 13. If you are under 13, do not use or provide any information on this Website or on or through any of its features, make any purchases through the Website, use any of the interactive or public comment features of this Website or provide any information about yourself to us, including your name, address, telephone number, email address, or any screen name or user name you may use. If we learn we have collected or received personal information from a child under 13 without verification of parental consent, we will delete that information. If you believe we might have any information from or about a child under 13, please contact us at info@toddreed.com. Information We Collect About You and How We Collect ItWe collect several types of information from and about users of our Website, including: (a) Information by which you may be personally identified, such as name, postal address, email address, telephone number, user names, and any other identifier by which you may be contacted online or offline ("personal information"); and (b) Information that is about you but individually does not identify you, such as information about your internet connection, the equipment you use to access our Website and usage details. We collect this information: (i) Directly from you when you provide it to us; (ii) Automatically as you navigate through the site; and (ii) From third parties, such as, our business partners. Information collected automatically may include usage details, IP addresses, and information collected through cookies and other tracking technologies. Information You Provide to Us. The information we collect on or through our Website may include information that you provide by filling in forms or entering search queries on the Website. This includes information provided at the time of registering to use our Website, subscribing to any communications, purchasing goods, or requesting further goods or services. It may also include records and copies of your correspondence (including email addresses), if you contact us. Furthermore, this information may include details of transactions you carry out through our Website and of the fulfillment of your orders. You may be required to provide financial information before placing an order through our Website. Information We Collect Through Automatic Data Collection Technologies. As you navigate through and interact with our Website, we may use automatic data collection technologies to collect certain information about your equipment, browsing actions, and patterns, including details of your visits to our Website, e.g., traffic data, location data, and other communication data and information about the resources that you access and use on the Website. We may also use automatic data collection technologies to collect certain information about your computer and internet connection, including your IP address, operating system, and browser type. We also may use these technologies to collect information about your online activities over time and across third-party websites or other online services (behavioral tracking). For more information on how you can opt out of behavioral tracking on this Website and how we respond to web browser signals and other mechanisms that enable consumers to exercise choice about behavioral tracking, please contact us at info@toddreed.com. The information we collect automatically helps us to improve our Website and to deliver a better and more personalized service, including by enabling us to: (a) Estimate our audience size and usage patterns; (b) Store information about your preferences, allowing us to customize our Website according to your individual interests; (c) Speed up your searches; and (d) Recognize you when you return to our Website. The technologies we use for this automatic data collection may include: Cookies (or browser cookies). A cookie is a small file placed on the hard drive of your computer. You may refuse to accept browser cookies by activating the appropriate setting on your browser. However, if you select this setting you may be unable to access certain parts of our Website. Unless you have adjusted your browser setting so that it will refuse cookies, our system will issue cookies when you direct your browser to our Website. Flash Cookies. Certain features of our Website may use local stored objects (or Flash cookies) to collect and store information about your preferences and navigation to, from, and on our Website. Flash cookies are not managed by the same browser settings as are used for browser cookies. For information about managing your privacy and security settings for Flash cookies, see Choices About How We Use and Disclose Your Information. We may tie this automatically-collected information to personal information about you that we collect from other sources or you provide to us. Third-Party Use of Cookies and Other Tracking Technologies.Some content or applications, including advertisements, on the Website are served by third parties, including advertisers, ad networks and servers, content providers, and application providers. These third parties may use cookies alone or in conjunction with web beacons or other tracking technologies to collect information about you when you use our Website. The information they collect may be associated with your personal information or they may collect information, including personal information, about your online activities over time and across different websites and other online services. They may use this information to provide you with interest-based (behavioral) advertising or other targeted content. We do not control these third parties' tracking technologies or how they may be used. If you have any questions about an advertisement or other targeted content, you should contact the responsible provider directly. For information about how you can opt out of receiving targeted advertising from many providers, see Choices About How We Use and Disclose Your Information. How We Use Your InformationWe use information that we collect about you or that you provide to us, including any personal information: (a) To present our Website and its contents to you; (b) To provide you with information, products, or services that you request from us; (c) To carry out our obligations and enforce our rights arising from any contracts entered into between you and us, including for billing and collection; (d) To notify you about changes to our Website or any products or services we offer or provide through it; (e) In any other way we may describe when you provide the information; and (f) For any other purpose with your consent. We may also use your information to contact you about our own goods and services that may be of interest to you. If you do not want us to use your information in this way, please check the relevant box located on the form on which we collect your data or contact us at info@toddreed.com. For more information, see Choices About How We Use and Disclose Your Information. Disclosure of Your InformationWe may disclose aggregated information about our users, and information that does not identify any individual, without restriction. We may disclose personal information that we collect or you provide as described in this privacy policy: (a) To our subsidiaries and affiliates; (b) To contractors, service providers, and other third parties we use to support our business; (c) To a buyer or other successor in the event of a merger, divestiture, restructuring, reorganization, dissolution, or other sale or transfer of some or all of TODD REED, INC.'s assets, whether as a going concern or as part of bankruptcy, liquidation, or similar proceeding, in which personal information held by TODD REED, INC. about our Website users is among the assets transferred; (d)To fulfill the purpose for which you provide it or for any other purpose disclosed by us when you provide the information; and (e) With your consent. We may also disclose your personal information: (a) To comply with any court order, law, or legal process, including to respond to any government or regulatory request; (b) To enforce or apply our terms of use or terms of sale and other agreements, including for billing and collection purposes; and (c) If we believe disclosure is necessary or appropriate to protect the rights, property, or safety of TODD REED, INC., our customers, or others. Choices About How We Use and Disclose Your InformationWe strive to provide you with choices regarding the personal information you provide to us. We have created mechanisms to provide you with the following control over your information: Tracking Technologies and Advertising. You can set your browser to refuse all or some browser cookies, or to alert you when cookies are being sent. To learn how you can manage your Flash cookie settings, visit the Flash player settings page on Adobe's website. If you disable or refuse cookies, please note that some parts of this Website may then be inaccessible or not function properly. Disclosure of Your Information for Third-Party Advertising. If you do not want us to share your personal information with unaffiliated or non-agent third parties for promotional purposes, you can opt out by sending us an email stating your request to info@toddreed.com. Promotional Offers from the Company. If you do not wish to have your contact information used by the Company to promote our own or third parties' products or services, you can opt out by sending us an email stating your request to info@toddreed.com. If we have sent you a promotional email, you may send us a return email asking to be omitted from future email distributions. This opt out does not apply to information provided to the Company as a result of a product purchase, warranty registration, product service experience or other transaction. We do not control third parties' collection or use of your information to serve interest-based advertising. However these third parties may provide you with ways to choose not to have your information collected or used in this manner. You can opt out of receiving targeted ads from members of the Network Advertising Initiative ("NAI") on the NAI's website. Your California Privacy RightsCalifornia Civil Code Section Â§ 1798.83 permits users of our Website that are California residents to request certain information regarding our disclosure of personal information to third parties for their direct marketing purposes. To make such a request, please send an email to info@toddreed.com. Changes to Our Privacy Policy and Contact InformationIt is our policy to post any changes we make to our privacy policy on this page. If we make material changes to how we treat our users' personal information, we will notify you through a notice on the Website home page. The date the privacy policy was last revised is identified at the top of the page. You are responsible for ensuring we have an up-to-date active and deliverable email address for you, and for periodically visiting our Website and this privacy policy to check for any changes. To ask questions or comment about this privacy policy and our privacy practices, contact us at: info@toddreed.com.