http://www.scottsofstow.co.uk/terms-and-conditions/
Skip to main content
CONGRATULATIONS! Offer Code
gives you .
0
New Season
Christmas
All Christmas
Christmas Decorations
Christmas Entertaining
Christmas Food and Drink
Christmas Gifts
Extra Guests
Kitchen and Dining
All Kitchen and Dining
Cooking and Preparation
Containers and Storage
Cookware
Cutlery and Utensils
Food Preparation
Kitchen Gadgets
Microwave Cooking
Textiles
Curtains
Dining Textiles
Kitchen Textiles
Other Textiles
Seat Pads
Tablecloths and Napkins
Crockery and Glassware
Drinkware
Tableware
Furniture
Dining Room Furniture
Kitchen Furniture
Kitchen Electricals
Kitchen Floor Mats
Practical Kitchen
Portmeirion
Home
All Home
Home Furniture
Dining Room Furniture
Garden Furniture
Kitchen Furniture
Living Room Furniture
Storage Furniture
Soft Furnishings
Curtains
Cushions and Throws
Seat Pads
Tablecloths and Napkins
Home Accessories
Artificial Plants and Flowers
Bedroom Accessories
Clocks
Cushions and Throws
Home Decor
Phones
Electricals
Batteries Chargers and Accessories
Cleaning and Maintenance
Garden Electricals
Heaters and Fans
Home Audio
Kitchen Electricals
Lighting
Office Electricals
Phone and Tablet Accessories
Phones
Small Electricals
Rugs Runners and Mats
Practical Mats
Rugs
Runners
Bathroom
Bathroom Accessories
Towels and Bathmats
Gift Ideas
Boredom Busters
Puzzlers Paradise
Home Audio
Home Office
Lighting
William Morris
Sale
Bedding
All Bedding
Bedlinen
100 Percent Cotton Bedding
Bedding Collections
Bedsheets Pillowcases and Valances
Blankets Bedspreads and Throws
Duvet Covers and Sets
Hotel Bedding
Duvets and Pillows
Duvets
Pillows
Mattress Toppers Protectors and Electric Blankets
Electric Blankets
Mattress and Pillow Protectors
Mattress Toppers
Bedroom Accessories
Extra Guests
Garden
All Garden
Garden Decor
Garden Furniture
Garden Lighting
Garden Storage
Garden Textiles
Grow Your Own
Outdoor Dining
Pots and Planters
Tools and Maintenance
Health and Wellbeing
All Health and Wellbeing
Health and Fitness
Helping Hand
Personal Care and Grooming
Personal Protective Equipment
Clothing and Accessories
All Clothing and Accessories
Ladies
Accessories
Clothing
Footwear
Mens
Accessories
Clothing
Footwear
Travel
All Travel
Luggage and Bags
Travel Accessories
Travel Security
Motoring
Practical and DIY
All Practical and DIY
Cleaning
Eco Friendly
Laundry
DIY
Helping Hand
Motoring
Pest Control
Pet Care
Security
Storage
Travel Security
Weather Beaters
Batteries Chargers and Accessories
Shop our Catalogue
All Shop our Catalogue
Christmas Dining
Christmas at Home
Home Living
Kitchen
Practical
Outdoor and Garden
Health and Beauty
Bedroom
Bathroom
Seasonal Bestsellers
Half Price Offers
Exclusive
Sign in
Register
0
Track your order
You'll need your order number and postcode
FREE DELIVERY
We pay for delivery on all orders over £75
Track your orderYou'll need your order number and postcode
Home
Terms and Conditions
Making a Contract with Us
In placing an order for any of the items on our website you are agreeing to the terms and conditions listed below. Please read these terms carefully and print and keep a copy of them for your reference. If you have any queries regarding any of our terms and conditions, please contact our Customer Care Team at customerservices@scottsofstow.co.uk or on our Enquiry Line 0344 482 9700 which is currently open 9.00am - 5.30pm Monday to Friday, excluding public holidays.
Calls may be monitored and recorded for training purposes.  The information and conditions shown on our websites do not affect your statutory rights.
The Scotts of Stow website and catalogue are managed by Scotts & Co. (Scotts Ltd) Reg. No. 2548299 (England) trading as Scotts of Stow. Registered Office: 1 Crompton Road, Groundwell, Wiltshire SN25 5AW. © Scotts Ltd 2020. English law applies to all orders placed on this website, and any disputes will be heard in the courts of England and Wales. When you place an order online with us you are making an offer to buy our goods. If we have your email address, we will send you an email to confirm that we have received your order request. Once we have verified the price and availability of the goods we will email you again to confirm that your goods have been despatched to you which signifies that a contract has been made between us. Every effort is made to ensure that our estimated delivery times are met; however occasional delays in delivery due to unforeseen factors are inevitable.
Scotts of Stow shall not be held liable for any delay or failure to deliver goods within our estimated delivery times. In the unlikely event that the goods are no longer available, we may supply you with substitute goods. If you decide not to accept the substitute goods, you will not have to pay to return them to us. As standard the order charge will include a non-refundable charge for postage & packing.
Price Policy
Every item is described as accurately as possible and represents excellent value for money. All product prices are shown in pounds sterling and are inclusive of VAT and exclusive of postage and packing charges, unless otherwise specified. All product prices advertised on this website are correct at the time of order only and relate to internet purchases only.
Scotts of Stow will only accept orders if there are no errors in the pricing of products as advertised on this website.
In the case of a mistake where a pricing error is discovered or for reasons beyond our reasonable control, e.g. alterations to the rate of value added tax. If the correct price is higher than the price displayed on the website, you may return the goods within our 14-day approval, in new condition.
Scotts of Stow reserves the right to change prices at any time. We reserve the right to adjust the VAT element if this changes from 20% (as advised by HMRC).
Price Policy on Clearance/Sale Prices
In some instances, items may have been sold at their original prices on the website, or in the catalogue of one of our Scotts & Co. sister companies, and items may not necessarily have ever sold previously on this company’s website. Details of all the Scotts & Co. brands are available on request. We always strive to bring our customers the best possible offers and deals whilst looking to operate fair commercial practices without misleading our customers. Where we detail price reductions on our website the following pricing policy shall apply: The ‘WAS’ price shown next to an item on this website is the highest price at which the item has been offered for sale in the last 12 months by us or one of our sister company publications (details on request). Some items have been offered for sale at a price lower than the ‘WAS’ price during the last 12 months but, unless otherwise indicated, the ‘NOW’ price shown is the lowest price at which the item has been offered by Scotts & Co. Details of intervening prices are available on request. In all cases the ‘WAS’ price will have applied for a continuous period of 28 days or more.
Promotions
Promotions are subject to availability and are not an indication of availability. Offers may be changed or withdrawn without notice by Scotts of Stow at any time. We reserve the right to cancel a promotion or reject redemption of a promotional code.
Payment Policy
All orders must be paid for in £ sterling. Scotts of Stow accept payment via the following credit and debit cards: Visa, Mastercard and American Express, subject to verification and in addition: PayPal and Google/GPay for online orders. We will take all reasonable steps to ensure all the information provided by you during payment is secure by using an encrypted secure payment mechanism. However, in the absence of negligence on our part, we will not be liable for any loss that you may incur in the unlikely event that a third party gains unauthorised access to any information you provide to us. Where you have paid by credit or debit card, the card will be charged at the time your payment is approved by us. If you have paid for Products which we cannot supply, we will refund you as soon as possible. Please note that for security reasons, we are obliged to cash all cheques on receipt of order. The order total value includes VAT at the applicable rate and the cost of standard delivery. The price excludes the cost of Special Delivery of the Products. Details regarding our delivery options, including Special Delivery, are available on the Delivery section.
Delivery
No matter how many items you order, our standard delivery is just £5.95 to the UK Mainland for orders made online, by phone or post.
We despatch all items as soon as they are available, so parcels may arrive separately. In stock items are delivered on average within 5 days – although we ask you to allow up to 10 days. We deliver to Northern Ireland, Scottish Highlands, UK Islands, Isle of Man, Channel Islands and BFPO addresses. Regrettably, at the present time, we are unable to ship orders to Eire or any other address outside the UK. If you purchase from our site your order is placed subject to the terms and conditions. If we have your email address, we will email you to keep you informed every step of the way with order confirmation, despatch, tracking and delivery details.
Last order dates for Christmas delivery 2020
Standard Delivery - Sunday 20 DecemberNext Day Express Delivery - by 6pm on Monday 21 December
Heavy items
Delivery of heavy or over-sized items to N. Ireland, Scottish Highlands, UK Islands, IOM and CI will incur a supplementary delivery charge per item. These items are identified on the website and in our catalogues with the following symbol and incur a £40 delivery charge.
Our courier company will call in advance to arrange a delivery time with you.
Next-Day Express Delivery Service
Items marked with this symbol can be delivered using our Next-Day express delivery service for £9.95 per order. The order deadline for our Next-Day Express Delivery is 6.00pm, Monday to Friday (an order received before 6.00pm on a Friday will be delivered on the following Monday, whilst after 6.00pm will be delivered on the following Tuesday). This service is available to UK Mainland only and is not available to the more remote areas of the Highlands. All delivery costs are non-refundable.
Returns
Customer Satisfaction Guaranteed
How to Return an Item
Making a return is easy. All we ask is that you follow the procedure below so that we can process your return as quickly as possible. If you have any queries, please email customerservices@scottsofstow.co.uk, or call us on our Enquiry Line 0344 482 9700.
N.B. if any items are received damaged or faulty, please telephone us within 5 days of receipt and we will be happy to assist you.
You may return any item within 30 days of receipt for a full refund, replacement or exchange.
Please complete the form enclosed with your product stating the reason for your return.
Enclose the form in the parcel.
Goods should be returned unused and in their original packaging.
Peel off the returns label and stick it to your parcel (make sure no other labels are visible).
Take to the post office, affix stamp and retain proof of postage.
For heavy items if you would prefer for us to arrange a collection then please email customerservices@scottsofstow.co.uk, or call us and we will arrange for our carrier to collect the item and deduct the cost from your final refund.
Returns Scotts & Co, Unit 3, 1 Crompton Road, Groundwell Wiltshire SN25 5AW Please allow up to two weeks for the refund to be processed.
Our Returns Policy
If you’re not happy with your purchase, please return within 30 days unused and in its original packaging for an exchange or refund.
We do not accept returns on: Software; Personalised and Bespoke items which are made for you; Perishable items (food and alcohol); Hygiene-sensitive items (including pierced earrings, underwear, pillows, mattress-toppers and duvets, beauty and grooming items, supplements and oils), unless faulty. This does not affect your statutory rights.
We will credit the full amount to the original purchaser’s payment card excluding any shipping costs.
We only pay the cost of returns in exceptional circumstances.
Card refunds can take up to 10 working days to be processed by your Bank. This varies between card issuers and unfortunately, we are unable to influence this.
Returned parcels remain the customer’s responsibility until safely received by us. We recommend you obtain proof a certificate of posting. Parcel insurance is recommended when returning goods valued over £30.
Replacements or refunds for exchange of damaged or wrongly selected goods will not be processed until the original items has been received back in our warehouse.
If goods which form part of a ‘bundle offer’ are returned for a refund, then the remaining items will revert to their normal price. You will be refunded accordingly.
The company reserves the right to refuse a refund if the condition of the goods reflects normal wear and tear. All refunds and replacements will be processed on receipt of the returned items.
N.B. if any items are received damaged or faulty, please telephone us within 5 days of receipt and we will be happy to assist you.
Restricted products – by age
UK law does not permit us to supply restricted products to persons under a specified age. Any person under the specific age must not attempt to purchase any of the following products. The age restriction applies to the recipient of the product.
Minimum age of 18 – Products containing alcohol (visit www.drinkaware.co.uk for further information), Bladed items
Minimum age of 16 – Party poppers
Minimum age 12 – Christmas crackers and variable age items as specified on the packaging of the product i.e. DVDs/Blu-Rays
Please note items marked 3+ have small parts and are a choking hazard.
Cancellation
When you order with us online, by post or on the phone, you are covered by the Consumer Contracts Regulations 2013. This means that you have the right to cancel your order within 14 days of receipt of your goods and to receive a full refund, apart from flat pack items which you have partially or fully assembled, and bespoke or personalised products made to your specification.
You are entitled to cancel your order if you so wish, provided this is done no later than 14 days after the day on which you receive the goods.
To exercise your cancellation rights you must inform us in writing to Customer Services (address details below). Please include details of the order (order number and description of goods), your full name, customer number, postal address, phone number and, if applicable, email address.
Please note that your cancellation rights do not apply to bespoke or personalised goods which have been made according to your specifications, or to items which by reason of their nature cannot be returned, or are liable to deteriorate, or expire rapidly such as Software; Personalised items which are made for you; Perishable items; Hygiene-sensitive items (including pierced earrings, pillows, mattress-toppers and duvets), unless faulty. This does not affect your statutory rights.
You are obliged to take reasonable care of the goods, ensuring the goods remain unused and in their original packaging. When we receive the goods from your cancelled order we will reimburse you within 14 days via the payment method used for the original transaction and to the amount in relation to goods to which cancellation rights apply.
As well as the value of your goods, we will reimburse the standard delivery charge associated with the original order. Express or any supplementary delivery charges will not be refunded. A deduction from the reimbursement may be made for any goods returned in an unsatisfactory condition as a result of unnecessary handling.
If you cancel within the statutory period you may claim a refund of any sum you have paid for the goods, less any charges we incur if you do not return them at your own cost. If an item has already reached our despatch channels and it is too late to cancel, we ask that you return the item(s) to us. If goods on which a discount/offer was originally received are returned, that discount/offer may no longer apply if you fall below the discount/offer threshold.
If you have any questions please email customerservices@scottsofstow.co.uk, call us on 0344 482 9700 or write to: Customer Services, Scotts of Stow, Cotswold House, 1 Crompton Road, Groundwell, Wiltshire, SN25 5AW.
Product Specifications
All items are subject to availability and all dimensions are approximate.
Stock Availability
Any orders placed through the website are considered subject to there being stock available. Although we do our very best to predict demand for the items featured in our collection, unfortunately we are not able to ensure permanent availability for every item. All orders are subject to availability. Receipt of an order via our website and emailed confirmation to our customer of receipt of an order do not constitute acceptance or guarantee fulfilment of an order. If an item is flagged as ‘Low Stock’ it can still be added to your shopping bag and we will notify you should we not be able to fulfil your order. If an item is shown with a ‘No. of Weeks Wait’ or a ‘due date’ you can still add it to your shopping bag in order to reserve it in your chosen colour and size. The item will then be despatched to you as soon as it arrives at our warehouse. If you are paying by credit or debit card, please note that your card will be charged upon ordering. To check the status of your order online, click on the ‘My Account’ link. Please contact our Customer Care Team by email at customerservices@scottsofstow.co.uk  if you have any queries regarding stock availability.
Copyright & Trademarks
The content contained within the pages of this site (including pictures, photographs, images, logos, written text and other materials) is the copyright trademark or registered trademark of Scotts & Co., their partners, or their content and technology providers. All rights reserved. Permission is granted to our customers to copy, print or download extracts of material on this site, providing that this is for the purpose of placing an order with us or other non-commercial, personal use. Any other use of materials on this site, including modification, distribution or reproduction, without prior written consent from Scotts of Stow is strictly prohibited.
Order Acceptance
We may not be able to accept your order, or part of your order, due to one of the following reasons:
Authorisation of your payment failed
We made a pricing or product description error
Recycling
Recycling your old electricals is easy!
Recycle your electrical and electronic devices free at your local recycling centre. To find your nearest centre, visit the Recycle More website and type in your postcode.
Why recycle?Unwanted electrical equipment is the UK’s fastest growing type of waste.
Many electrical items can be repaired or recycled, saving natural resources and the environment. If you do not recycle electrical equipment will end up in landfill where hazardous substances will leak out and cause soil and water contamination – harming wildlife and also human health.
We’re proud to support your local authority in providing local recycling facilities for electrical equipment.
To remind you that old electrical equipment can be recycled, it is now marked with the crossed-out wheeled bin symbol. Please do not throw any electrical equipment (including those marked with this symbol) in your bin.
What is WEEE?
The Waste Electrical or Electronic Equipment (WEEE) Directive requires countries to maximise separate collection and environmentally friendly processing of these items.
How are we helping?
In the UK, distributors including retailers must provide a system which allows all customers buying new electrical equipment the opportunity to recycle their old items free of charge. As a responsible retailer, we have met the requirements placed on us by financially supporting the national network of WEEE recycling centres established by local authorities. This is achieved through membership of the national Distributor Take-back scheme (DTS).
To find more information on WEEE recycling and to locate your nearest recycling centre please visit the Recycle More website.
Waste Battery Regulations
Under the Waste Battery Regulations, Scotts & Co. (Scotts Ltd) are now offering a take-back scheme for all portable waste batteries. You can return your waste batteries to our business premises in person. Alternatively, you can find your local portable battery recycling facility at www.recyclenow.co.uk.
Telephone Charges
Charges for 03 numbers are the same as standard UK landline numbers starting 01 or 02. Calls to 03 numbers are often included in bundled minutes and unlimited call packages. Calls to 0844 numbers cost 7p per minute plus your telephone company’s access charge. Please contact your provider for more information. All calls may be monitored and recorded for training purposes.
Close
×
OK
Order Enquiry
×
Track my order
Please enter your customer number or order number* plus surname and postcode to track the status of your order.
*Please ensure you include the order prefix (not just the order number), these include: S, W, RSO, RSG, DEPA, BCS, BCG, BCE, BCB, BCGD, BCSOS, BCEV and BCBL followed by the order number itself.
Customer Number
-- OR --
Order Number
Surname
Postcode
Please Note:- Items being delivered by our specialist white glove service:
This premium service also includes delivery to your room of choice, unpacking and removal of
all packaging.
If you want to try an alternative search please click HERE to return to the form.
×
Hello! We’ve noticed your internet browser hasn’t been updated for a while. You won’t be able to checkout on our website without upgrading. You will increasingly find that you are struggling with other websites too. Please click here to discover how to upgrade – it’s very simple.
Trustpilot
Sign up for Emails
Why not sign up to receive our emails. Be the first to receive new collection previews, exclusive offers, special online discounts and sales
Email Address
By signing up you consent to receive our marketing emails and agree to our privacy policy.
Visit our other brands
×
Sign up for Emails
Why not sign up to receive our emails. Be the first to receive new collection previews, exclusive offers, special online discounts and sales
Email Address
By signing up you consent to receive our marketing emails and agree to our privacy policy.
No thanks
Catalogue Request
×
Browse through our catalogues in comfort at home. You'll find lots of extra information about our great range of products. Once you've decided what to buy, come back online to order from us.
1. Select a Catalogue
Scotts of Stow
From the heart of the Cotswolds to the heart of your home… everything for the kitchen, home and garden.
Select Catalogue
Gift Discoveries
We’ve taken the hard work out of buying gifts.
The Gift Discoveries Collection we believe is fresh, exciting and offers inspired gift ideas.
Select Catalogue
Expert Verdict
At Expert Verdict we do the research so that you don’t have to. Every product is thoroughly tested to ensure it’s a ‘Best Buy’
Select Catalogue
Bloom
Discover the beauty of truly realistic silk flowers.
Every petal, bud and leaf are designed and made by hand to uncompromising standards.
Select Catalogue
2. Your Details
Title
Please select your title
Ms
Ms
Miss
Mr
Dr
Baron
Baroness
Brigadier
Canon
Colonel
Count
Countess
Dame
Dowager
Duchess
Duke
Lady
Lord
Major
Professor
Rev
Sir
The Hon
Viscount
Viscountess
Your First Name
Required
Your Last Name
Required
Email Address
Required
Phone Number
3. Address Details
Address Line 1
Required
Address Line 2
Town/City
Required
County
Country
Required
Postcode
Required
You must select at least one catalogue before continuing.
By signing up you consent to receive the catalogues you have indicated our marketing emails and agree to our privacy policy.