http://www.topsonline.com/cookie-policy
Previous
Next
Product by Car Make
Alfa Romeo
AMC
Aston Martin
Audi
Austin Healey
Austin Healey Sprite
Automotive Exterior Vinyl
Automotive Fasteners by Make
Automotive Fasteners by Type
Bentley
BMW
Buick
Cadillac
Chevrolet
Chevy Camaro
Chevy Cavalier
Chevy Corvette
Chrysler
Chrysler Lebaron
Chrysler Sebring
Clear Vinyl Plastic
Clenet
Cobra
Datsun
Desoto
Dodge
Edsel
European Automotive Carpet
Ferrari
Fiat
Ford
Ford Capri
Ford Escort
Ford Mustang
Ford ThunderBird
Geo
Hillman Minx
Holden
Honda
Hudson
Infiniti
Jaguar
Jeep
Jensen
Karmann Ghia
Kia
Lamborghini
Lancia
LaSalle
Lincoln
Lotus
Marine and Outdoor Canvas
Marine Vinyls
Maserati
Mazda
McLaren
Mercedes Benz
Mercury
Mercury Capri
MG Midget
MGA
MGB & MGC
MGF & MGTF
MGTC, TD & TF
Mini Cooper
Mitsubishi
Morris Minor
Nash
Nissan
Oldsmobile
Opel
Peugeot
Plymouth
Pontiac
Porsche
Rambler
Renault
Rolls Royce
Rover
Saab
Saturn
Screws & Washers
Seat & Interior Fabrics
Seat & Interior Vinyls
SEM Paints & Preps
Shelby Cobra AC
Singer
Studebaker
Sunbeam
Suzuki
Talbot
Toyota
Triumph
Vauxhall
Volkswagen
Volvo
TopsOnline Cookie Policy
(This is all about how we use cookies to improve your browsing experience on this website.)
In this Cookies Policy, any use of the words "you", "yours" or similar expressions shall mean any user of this website whatsoever. Terms such as "we", "us, "our" or similar expressions shall mean TopsOnline.com.
Cookies are small pieces of information that are stored by your browser on your computer?s hard drive. They are often used as a mechanism for websites to remember useful information, such as your login status, and can contribute to ease of use when navigating a website. Our cookies cannot identify you personally.
Please also read our Privacy and Data Collection Policies.
How We Use Cookies
Cookies and javascript code on our website are used for a variety of different purposes, but generally speaking their use breaks down into the following categories:
Strictly Necessary Cookies: These are required for the operation of our website. They include, for example, cookies that enable us to keep track of your shopping session, so that whatever you put into your shopping cart actually stays in your shopping cart while you complete the payment process.
Necessary cookies include a session_id, and a nonce we use to protect the security of the website.
Functionality Cookies: These improve the functional performance of our website and make it easier for you to use. For example, such cookies are used to remember that you have previously visited the website and accepted our cookie policy so that you don?t have to accept them every time you visit the site.
Functionality cookies include this cookie policy cookie, and if you visit the website using a promo code link, that gets stored in a cookie so that your promotion will be automatically applied.
Analytical/Performance/Targeting Cookies: These allow 3rd party partners (like Google and Bing Ads) to recognize and count the number of users of our website and see how such users navigate through our website. Their reporting to us helps to improve how our website works, for example, by ensuring that users can find what they are looking for easily.
These 3rd party partners also may use this information to make advertising more relevant to your interests.
The following list outlines the cookies and javascript code used on our website:
Google Analytics and Google AdWords cookies:
These are third party cookies placed by Google that allow us to use the Google Analytics and Google AdWords service.
These cookies enable Google to anonymously track how visitors access and browse our website, thereby enabling us to optimise and improve our service. Further information is available at:
https://policies.google.com/privacy?hl=en&gl=us
Bing Ads cookie:
This third party cookie is placed by Bing Ads that allows us to use the Bing Ads service.
This cookie enables Bing Ads to anonymously track how visitors access and browse our website, thereby enabling us to optimize and improve our service.
Further information is available at: https://advertise.bingads.microsoft.com/en-us/resources/policies/microsoft-bing-ads-privacy-policy
AdRoll cookie:
This third party cookie is placed by AdRoll and allows AdRoll to remind visitors about their experience on our website, for a short period of time.
Further information can be found here:
https://www.adrollgroup.com/privacy
Facebook cookie:
This third party cookie is placed by Facebook and allows you to ?like? our website while you are on our website.
Further information is available at: https://www.facebook.com/policy.php
Session ID:
This cookie is a reference to a unique session for a current browsing session. No personal data is stored in it. The session is ended when a user?s browser is closed.
Cart Token:
This is a unique nonce which allows access to the contents of a customer?s shopping cart, so that we can keep the cart contents persistent across browsing sessions in order to optimize the customer?s user experience.
In layman?s terms, this helps a user not lose the contents of their cart even if they need to pause their shopping for a while.
How to Manage Cookies
You can manage cookies by activating the setting on your Internet browser that allows you to refuse the setting of all or some cookies.
Further information about advertising cookies and how to opt-out of them can be found at any of these websites:
http://www.aboutads.info/
http://www.networkadvertising.org/choices/
http://www.youronlinechoices.com/ (EU only)
Please note, if you do turn cookies off, this will limit the service that we are able to provide to you and may affect your user experience.
For example, if you were to remove your session_id from your browsing experience, items you place in your shopping cart may get lost as you attempt checkout.
Changes to This Cookie Policy
Our policies and procedures are under continual review. We may, from time to time, update our cookies policy. Any such changes will be posted on this page.
How to Contact Us
Questions, comments and requests regarding this Cookie Policy should be addressed to info@topsonline.com or to TopsOnline.com, ATTN: Cookie Policy, 13820 Saticoy Street, Panorama City, CA 91402
Convertible Tops
Chrysler
Sebring Convertible Tops
The Chrysler Sebring (sold as
the Chrysler Cirrus in Mexico) is a mid-size coupe produced by Chrysler from 1995-2010.
This affordable car has been a popular favorite over the years, which has kept the
Chrysler Sebring sales strong. When replacing your Chrysler Sebring convertible top, be
sure to choose the
correct model year in order to get the right Sebring top for your model.
Ford
Mustang Convertible Tops
The Ford Mustang is one of Ford's most
enduring models. The Mustang is one of the original muscle cars: it created the "pony
car" class of powerful sports car coupes. Originally introduced in 1964 at the New York
World's Fair, the Ford Mustang - including the Mustang convertible top models - is
Ford's third oldest nameplate still in production. The Shelby Mustang has a loyal
following among enthusiasts and collectors. Shopping for a Shelby Mustang convertible
top or a Ford Mustang convertible top? Check
out our selection!
Mazda Miata
Convertible Tops
The Miata (also known as the Mazda MX5) was introduced in 1989 and quickly became an
immensely popular two-seater convertible roadster. The Miata's small size, light weight,
and power hearkened back to popular small sports cars of the past, like the
Austin-Healey Sprite and the Lotus Elan. Drop the Mazda Miata convertible top and get
ready to have a blast! No less an authority than Jeremy Clarkson has said
that "if you want a sports car, the MX-5 is perfect."
Nissan
Convertible Tops
Nissan's Z-Car line, which includes the Nissan 350Z convertible top, is one of the
world's bestselling sports car lines with over 2 million cars sold. Nissan cars have
garnered a well-deserved reputation for being dependable, reliable, and affordable, ever
since the Datsun 280Z (sold as the Fairlady
outside the United States) took the world by storm.
Porsche
Convertible Tops
The Porsche 911 and Porsche Boxster are two of
the most popular and enduring consumer sports cars available today. The Porsche 911
convertible top was introduced as the Porsche 911 Cabrio in 1984. The Porsche 986, also
known as the Porsche Boxster, no doubt counts the Boxster convertible top as part of its
resounding success.
Toyota
Convertible Tops
The Toyota Celica is one of Toyota's best-selling cars. It is available in a wide variety
of body styles, but the Celica convertible top (ASC conversion) has been one of the most
popular throughout the years. The MR2 Spyder
convertible top is also a fun and sporty vehicle. The MR2 Spyder soft top is as
entertaining as it is economical.
VW
Convertible Tops
VW convertible top models include the convertible Beetle and the convertible Golf (sold
as the VW Rabbit in the United States). The VW cabrio
top is definitely part of the appeal of this long-lasting brand, ensuring VW's
reputation as one of the best car manufacturers in the world.
Distributor for:
×
Continue
Shopping