https://www.1stophair.com/privacy-policy
Synthetic & Real Human Hair Pieces & Extensions
Home
/
Privacy Policy
Company Policies
Exchanges/Refunds
1StopHair is committed to delivering top quality products and providing a first class service to our customers.
In the event that the products is found defective or you feel unsatisfied with a product, you must notify us by e-mail immediately via Contact Us.
You can then either receive a full refund, exchange or credit excluding shipping and handling charges.
Please note: In the interest of hygiene and customer protection, we do not exchange or refund wigs, clip-on hair pieces or drawstring hair pieces. Your statutory rights are not affected.
An administrative charge of 10% of the total transaction will be made on all refunds.
Please contact 1StopHair customer services prior to returning goods and obtain a Returns Authorisation Code (RAC) number. The RAC must accompany all returned goods with the original invoice.
When returning an item(s) your return must have a Returns Authorisation Code (RAC) which is assigned by customer service. It must be clearly marked on the outside of the package or it will NOT be accepted.
For customers protection all exchanges/returns should be sent back by a form of recorded delivery, in the event that the parcel should go missing en-route to us.
Privacy
Your privacy is always respected and 1StopHair is committed to safeguarding your privacy on-line. We collect only essential customer contact information, such as e-mail addresses, mailing & shipping address and credit card information. Contact details are used to get in touch with you when necessary and credit card information is used to charge you for products and services purchased.
1StopHair will never intentionally disclose or pass on individually identifiable information about our customers to any third party without first receiving that customers permission. This policy applies specifically to your name, amyl address, phone number(s) and any other identifiable information.
We may use your contact information from order form and mailing list to send you information about our company and promotional material from our company. If you do not wish to receive promotional e-mails please indicate so within your order and we will respect your request.
Security
Here is why shopping at 1StopHair.com is safe: All credit/debit card details given over the Internet to this site are encrypted and are processed by SecureTrading™. SecureTrading™ makes use of Public Key Infrastructure and Digital Certificates to ensure the authenticity and security of each transaction. 2048 bit encryption is used - the strongest level employed by any payment service provider.
This allows us to complete all the financial transactions in a secure environment. All details given are encrypted and securely protected in accordance with the Data Protection Act 1998.
The part of the website at which credit and debit card details are taken is held on a Secure Server. You can verify this by:-
- Checking for a locked padlock in the bottom right hand corner of your browser window
- The address of this page begins with https://. This means that it is on a Secure Server and all transactions that take place are encrypted between your browser and the server. Nobody is able to obtain your credit or debit card details nor other information.
No personal or financial details are left unencrypted on a remote server, and such details are never sent by Internet e-mail
In the event of unauthorised use of your credit or debit card, you must notify your card provider in accordance with its reporting rules and procedures.
Any information you submit to us is controlled by the privacy policy in effect at the time you submit it. If we significantly change our policy, we will notify you of the policy changes.
What we collect
We may collect the following information:
name
contact information including email address
demographic information such as postcode, preferences and interests
other information relevant to customer surveys and/or offers
For the exhaustive list of cookies we collect see the List of cookies we collect section.
What we do with the information we gather
We require this information to understand your needs and provide you with a better service, and in particular for the following reasons:
Internal record keeping.
We may use the information to improve our products and services.
We may periodically send promotional emails about new products, special offers or other information which we think you may find interesting using the email address which you have provided.
From time to time, we may also use your information to contact you for market research purposes. We may contact you by email, phone, fax or mail. We may use the information to customise the website according to your interests.
Security
We are committed to ensuring that your information is secure. In order to prevent unauthorised access or disclosure, we have put in place suitable physical, electronic and managerial procedures to safeguard and secure the information we collect online.
How we use cookies
A cookie is a small file which asks permission to be placed on your computer's hard drive. Once you agree, the file is added and the cookie helps analyse web traffic or lets you know when you visit a particular site. Cookies allow web applications to respond to you as an individual. The web application can tailor its operations to your needs, likes and dislikes by gathering and remembering information about your preferences.
We use traffic log cookies to identify which pages are being used. This helps us analyse data about web page traffic and improve our website in order to tailor it to customer needs. We only use this information for statistical analysis purposes and then the data is removed from the system.
Overall, cookies help us provide you with a better website, by enabling us to monitor which pages you find useful and which you do not. A cookie in no way gives us access to your computer or any information about you, other than the data you choose to share with us. You can choose to accept or decline cookies. Most web browsers automatically accept cookies, but you can usually modify your browser setting to decline cookies if you prefer. This may prevent you from taking full advantage of the website.
Links to other websites
Our website may contain links to other websites of interest. However, once you have used these links to leave our site, you should note that we do not have any control over that other website. Therefore, we cannot be responsible for the protection and privacy of any information which you provide whilst visiting such sites and such sites are not governed by this privacy statement. You should exercise caution and look at the privacy statement applicable to the website in question.
Controlling your personal information
You may choose to restrict the collection or use of your personal information in the following ways:
whenever you are asked to fill in a form on the website, look for the box that you can click to indicate that you do not want the information to be used by anybody for direct marketing purposes
if you have previously agreed to us using your personal information for direct marketing purposes, you may change your mind at any time by writing to or emailing us at orders@1stophair.com
We will not sell, distribute or lease your personal information to third parties unless we have your permission or are required by law to do so. We may use your personal information to send you promotional information about third parties which we think you may find interesting if you tell us that you wish this to happen.
You may request details of personal information which we hold about you under the Data Protection Act 1998. A small fee will be payable. If you would like a copy of the information held on you please write to Ifex
Big Yellow Storage
Romford
Essex
RM3 8NF
.
If you believe that any information we are holding on you is incorrect or incomplete, please write to or email us as soon as possible, at the above address. We will promptly correct any information found to be incorrect.
List of cookies we collect
The table below lists the cookies we collect and what information they store.
COOKIE nameCOOKIE Description
CART
The association with your shopping cart.
CATEGORY_INFO
Stores the category info on the page, that allows to display pages more quickly.
COMPARE
The items that you have in the Compare Products list.
CURRENCY
Your preferred currency
CUSTOMER
An encrypted version of your customer id with the store.
CUSTOMER_AUTH
An indicator if you are currently logged into the store.
CUSTOMER_INFO
An encrypted version of the customer group you belong to.
CUSTOMER_SEGMENT_IDS
Stores the Customer Segment ID
EXTERNAL_NO_CACHE
A flag, which indicates whether caching is disabled or not.
FRONTEND
You sesssion ID on the server.
GUEST-VIEW
Allows guests to edit their orders.
LAST_CATEGORY
The last category you visited.
LAST_PRODUCT
The most recent product you have viewed.
NEWMESSAGE
Indicates whether a new message has been received.
NO_CACHE
Indicates whether it is allowed to use cache.
PERSISTENT_SHOPPING_CART
A link to information about your cart and viewing history if you have asked the site.
POLL
The ID of any polls you have recently voted in.
POLLN
Information on what polls you have voted on.
RECENTLYCOMPARED
The items that you have recently compared.
STF
Information on products you have emailed to friends.
STORE
The store view or language you have selected.
USER_ALLOWED_SAVE_COOKIE
Indicates whether a customer allowed to use cookies.
VIEWED_PRODUCT_IDS
The products that you have recently viewed.
WISHLIST
An encrypted list of products added to your Wishlist.
WISHLIST_CNT
The number of items in your Wishlist.
Newsletter
Sign Up for Our Newsletter:
Subscribe
Company
About Us
Contact Us
Customer Service
Knowledge Base
Terms & Conditions
Privacy Policy
Quick Links
Site Map
Search Terms
Advanced Search
Company Info
Tel: +44-7813 131 261 (Partially manned due to COVID19)
1StopHair.com
Ifex Consulting LtdPO Box 2672CHIGWELLIG8 1TA
© 2015
Ifex Consulting Limited. All Rights Reserved.