https://www.missionallergy.com/privacy-policy-cookie-restriction-mode/
Free Shipping, Free Gift | Click for Details Toll Free: 1-877-NOALLER(GY) • 1-877-662-5537
Home
>
Privacy Policy
Privacy Policy
This is the Privacy Statement of the Mission: Allergy Website. We understand that our customers and Website visitors are appropriately concerned about the privacy of information. We have established policies and procedures concerning the collection, use and security of your information that will help protect your privacy. Our Privacy Statement is designed to help us serve our customers and visitors while maintaining strict privacy and security standards.
How can you reach the Mission: Allergy?
Postal address:28 Hawleyville Rd.P.O. Box 45Hawleyville, CT 06440
E-mail: customerservice@missionallergy.comTelephone: toll free 877- NOALLERGY (877-662-5607)
What information do we collect from our website visitors?
For each visitor to our website, our Web server collects:
The domain name, but not the e-mail address of visitors to our website.
The username of registered users who sign in to the website.
The e-mail addresses of those who communicate with us via e-mail.
Aggregate information on what pages users access or visit.
Information volunteered by the user, such as survey information and/or site registrations.
How is this information used?
The information we collect is used for internal review and is then discarded. We do not share this information with other organizations for commercial purposes.
The collected information is used:
To improve the content of our website.
To respond to specific inquiries by users.
We collect the e-mail addresses of visitors to our website when visitors provide them, the e-mail addresses of those who communicate with us via e-mail, and information volunteered by the visitor, such as survey information, contract information and/or site registrations. We do not automatically collect any of this information from our Website visitors. If you do not want to receive e-mail from us in the future, please let us know by sending us e-mail, calling us or writing to us. Refer to the “Contact Us” section for the contact information.
If you supply us with your postal address on-line, you may receive periodic mailings from us with information on new products and services or upcoming events. If you supply us with your telephone number on-line, you may receive telephone contact from us with information regarding new products and services or upcoming events.
If you do not want to receive e-mail, postal mailings or phone calls from us in the future, please let us know by sending us e-mail, calling us or writing to us. Refer to the “Contact Us” section for the contact information.
From time to time, we may use customer information for new, unanticipated uses not previously disclosed in our privacy notice. If our information practices change at some time in the future, we will post the policy changes to our Website to notify you of these changes and provide you with the ability to opt out of these new uses. If you are concerned about how your information is used, you should check back at our Website periodically.
How is our information secured?
We have appropriate security measures in place in our physical facilities to protect against the loss, misuse or alteration of information that we have collected from you at our Website.
How do we use cookies?
The cookie that is installed on your computer when you visit certain pages at our site contains only a token (string of alphanumeric characters) generated to maintain your session within our secured pages. The token in the cookie does not contain any comprehensible information. We use cookies to record session information.
Enforcement
If you feel that this site is not following its stated information policy, you may contact:
The Mission: Allergy at our address or phone number.
State or local chapters of the Better Business Bureau.
State or local consumer protection office.
The Federal Trade Commission by phone at 202-FTC-HELP (202-382-4357) or electronically at FTC Consumer Complaint Form.
Quick Links
Pillow & Mattress Encasings
Mattress Pads
Vacuums
Dehumidifiers
Sinus Products
Skin Moisturizers
Account
My Account
Orders and Returns
Product Categories
Start with the Bed
Clean Home
Air Control
Skin Care
Support
Contact Us
Your Account
Customer Service
Allergy Education
FAQs
About Mission: Allergy
Our Company
Dr. Jeffrey Miller
Endorsements
Our Best Prices
Site Map
Privacy Policy
Mission: Allergy
28 Hawleyville Road
P.O. Box 45
Hawleyville, CT 06440
Phone: (877) 662-5537
Copyright ©
Mission: Allergy, Inc.
All rights reserved.