http://www.oldtimecandy.com/pages/privacy-policy
Return to Shop
My Bag
{property.name}:
Upload Succesful
{property.value}
FREE
-
+
x
Remove
Your bag is currently empty.
Continue browsing here.
Giving Back
Donate to help build water wells in Africa.
A small donation of just $1.00 or $2.00, the cost of a single bottle of water, will have an impact. Learn more
$2
$1
$3
$4
$5
hide gift options
Customize gift message and delayed delivery options.
Complementary Hand-Written Gift Card (Optional)
Complementary Hand-Written Gift Card
100 Characters Remaining
Save Message
Delay Shipping (Optional)
A minimum of one week’s notice is required.
Desired Arrival Date
Confirm Date
hide gift options
Rewards Earned
0 Candy Coins
Include shipping protection for only $0.98 extra. Learn More
Subtotal ( items)
$0.00
Skip to content
WALK THE CANDY AISLE
100 Grand Bar
3 Musketeers Bar
5th Avenue Bar
Abba Zaba
Abra Cabubble by Brach's
Airheads
Almond Joy
Andes Mints
CANDY BY DECADE
Pre 1920s
1920s
1930s
1940s
1950s
1960s
1970s
1980s
1990s
View All Decades
CANDY BY FLAVOR
Almond
Banana
Butter Rum
Butterscotch
Caramel
Cherry
Chocolate
Cinnamon
Licorice
Peanut Butter
View All Flavors
CANDY BY TYPE
Made in the USA
Bubble Gum & Chewing Gum
Candy Bars
Candy Cigars & Cigarettes
Candy Drops
Candy Sticks
Caramel
Chewy Candy
Cotton Candy
Licorice
Lollipops & Suckers
View All Candy By Type
CANDY BY OCCASION
Christmas
Happy Holidays
Birthday
Thank You
Any Occasion
Get Well Soon
Anniversary
Graduation
Halloween
View All Candy by Occasion
CANDY GIFTS
Candy Assortments
Corporate Gifts Collection
Personalized Candy Bar Wrappers
Subscription Boxes
Pack-a-Bag of Candy
Candy Gift Mugs
Party Favors
Lunch Boxes with Candy
Chocolate Roses Bouquets
View All Candy Gifts
CANDY ASSORTMENTS
BULK CANDY
PACK-A-BAG
RETRO TOYS
Menu
CANDY FOR YOU
PHONE ORDERS
WALK THE CANDY AISLE
CANDY BY DECADE
CANDY BY FLAVOR
CANDY BY TYPE
CANDY BY OCCASION
CANDY GIFTS
CANDY ASSORTMENTS
BULK CANDY
PACK-A-BAG
RETRO TOYS
Phone Orders
Login / Register
My Bag
Privacy Policy
Login or create an account to earn Rewards Points for sharing!
Earn Rewards Points for sharing!
Our Commitment To Privacy
Your privacy is important to us. To better protect your privacy we provide this notice explaining our online information practices and the choices you can make about the way your information is collected and used. To make this notice easy to find, we make it available on our homepage and at every point where personally identifiable information may be requested.
The Information We Collect:
This notice applies to all information collected or submitted on the Old Time Candy Company website. On some pages, you can order products, make requests, and register to receive materials. The types of personal information collected at these pages are:
Name
Address
Email address
Phone number
Credit/Debit Card Information
On some pages, you can submit information about other people. For example, if you order a gift online and want it sent directly to the recipient, you will need to submit the recipient's address. In this circumstance, the types of personal information collected are:
Name
Address
Phone Number
The Way We Use Information:
We use the information you provide about yourself when placing an order only to complete that order. We do not share this information with outside parties except to the extent necessary to complete that order.
We use the information you provide about someone else when placing an order only to ship the product and to confirm delivery. We do not share this information with outside parties except to the extent necessary to complete that order. We offer gift certificates by which you can personalize a product you order for another person. Information you provide to us to create a gift certificate is only used for that purpose, and it is only disclosed to the person receiving the gift.
We use return email addresses to answer the email we receive. Such addresses are not used for any other purpose and are not shared with outside parties.
You can register with our website if you would like to receive our catalog as well as updates on our new products and services. Information you submit on our website will not be used for this purpose unless you fill out the registration form.
We use non-identifying and aggregate information to better design our website and to share with advertisers. For example, we may tell an advertiser that X number of individuals visited a certain area on our website, or that Y number of men and Z number of women filled out our registration form, but we would not disclose anything that could be used to identify those individuals.
Finally, we never use or share the personally identifiable information provided to us online in ways unrelated to the ones described above without also providing you an opportunity to opt-out or otherwise prohibit such unrelated uses.
Our Commitment To Data Security
To prevent unauthorized access, maintain data accuracy, and ensure the correct use of information, we have put in place appropriate physical, electronic, and managerial procedures to safeguard and secure the information we collect online.
Our Commitment To Children's Privacy:
Protecting the privacy of the very young is especially important. For that reason, we never collect or maintain information at our website from those we actually know are under 18, and no part of our website is structured to attract anyone under 18.
How You Can Access Or Correct Your Information
You can access all your personally identifiable information that we collect online and maintain by signing into your account. We use this procedure to better safeguard your information.
You can correct factual errors in your personally identifiable information by sending us a request that credibly shows error.
To protect your privacy and security, we will also take reasonable steps to verify your identity before granting access or making corrections.
How To Contact Us:
Should you have other questions or concerns about these privacy policies, please call us at (440) 355-4345 or click Contact Us. If you prefer, write to the Old Time Candy Company - 350 Commerce Drive East - LaGrange, OH 44050.