http://www.spitzjewelers.com/privacy-policy/
Skip to Main Content
Spitz Jewelers
Do you need help? Please call us at (925) 932-8877.
Catalog
Wish List
Login
Bridal
Fashion
Watches
Services
About Us
Contact
Bridal
Engagement Ring Styles
Bezel Set
Halo
Modern
Pavé
Semi-Mount
Side-Stone
Solitaire
Split Shank
Three-Stone
Vintage
Engagement & Wedding Ring Designers
Jeff Cooper
Christopher Designs
Claude Thibaudeau
Furrer-Jacot
MaeVona
Memoire
Mercury Ring
Novell
Sebastien Barier
True Romance
Jack Kelege
Lashbrook Designs
Leo Ingwer
Peter Storm
Fashion
Jewelry Categories
Bands
Bracelets
Charms
Earrings
Necklaces
Pendants
Rings
Jewelry Designers
Christopher Designs
Gumuchian
Jane Taylor
Leddel Designs
Memoire
Nancy B
Rembrandt Charms
Spitz Private Collection
Carla
Gabriel Fashion
Ippolita
Mastoloni Pearls
Watches
Watch Designers
Blancpain
Raymond Weil
Shinola
Tissot
Alpina
Omega
Services
Our Services
Corporate Gifts
Custom Jewelry Designs
Financing
Gold & Diamond Buying
Jewelry Appraisals
Jewelry Engraving
Jewelry Insurance
Jewelry Repairs
Laser Repairs
Pearl & Bead Restringing
Services
Watch Repairs
Educational Resources
Diamond Guide
Education
Gemstone Guide
Gifts
Maintenance
Metal Types
Pearl Facts
Repairs
Resizing
Ring Styles
Setting Types
Tips & Tricks
About Us
About Us
About Us
Our Locations
Schedule an Appointment
Testimonials
Our Company
Established in 1946 In 1946, Henry and Anna Spitz realized the culmination of years of sacrifice and determination with the opening of the first Spitz Jewelers in Oakland. 1986 brought the expansion of the store to Downtown Walnut Creek and, once again, the word "family" became synonymous not only with who we are, but our relationship with our customers and community.
Learn More   Our Store
Contact
Home
Privacy Policy
Privacy Policy
This privacy policy discloses the privacy practices for this website. This privacy policy applies solely to information collected by this web site. It will notify you of the following:
What personally identifiable information is collected from you through the web site, how it is used and with whom it may be shared.
The security procedures in place to protect the misuse of your information.
How you can correct any inaccuracies in the information.
Information Collection, Use, and Sharing
We are the sole owners of the information collected on this site. We only have access to/collect information that you voluntarily give us via email or other direct contact from you. We will not sell or rent any personally identifiable information to anyone.
We will use your information to respond to you, regarding the reason you contacted us. We will not share your personally identifiable information with any third party outside of our organization, except to fulfill your request, e.g. if you place an order with us. We can share your non-personally identifiable information with others to improve our website and marketing efforts.
Unless you ask us not to, we may contact you via email in the future to tell you about specials, new products or services, or changes to this privacy policy.
Your Access to and Control Over Information
You may opt out of any future contacts from us at any time. You can do the following at any time by contacting us via the email address or phone number given on our website:
See what data we have about you, if any.
Change/correct any data we have about you.
Have us delete any data we have about you.
Express any concern you have about our use of your data.
Security
We take precautions to protect your information. When you submit sensitive information via the website, your information is protected both online and offline.
Wherever we collect sensitive information (such as credit card data), that information is encrypted and transmitted to us in a secure way. You can verify this by looking for a closed lock icon at the bottom of your web browser, or looking for "https" at the beginning of the address of the web page.
While we use encryption to protect sensitive information transmitted online, we also protect your information offline. Only employees who need the information to perform a specific job (for example, billing or customer service) are granted access to personally identifiable information. The computers/servers in which we store personally identifiable information are kept in a secure environment.
Sharing
We share aggregated demographic information with our partners and advertisers. This is not linked to any personal information that can identify any individual person.
Accounts
We request information from you in order to open an account on our website. To use our My Account features, you must provide contact information (like name and email address. We may use this information to keep you informed of our products, services, events and promotions. We will not sell or rent any personally identifiable information to anyone. We will only use this information in accordance with this Privacy Policy.
Cookies
We use "cookies" on this site. A cookie is a piece of data stored on a site visitor's hard drive to help us improve your access to our site and identify repeat visitors to our site. For instance, when we use a cookie to identify you, you would not have to log in a password more than once, thereby saving time while on our site. Cookies can also enable us to track and target the interests of our users to enhance the experience on our site. Usage of a cookie is in no way linked to any personally identifiable information on our site.
Links
This web site contains links to other sites. Please be aware that we are not responsible for the content or privacy practices of such other sites. We encourage our users to be aware when they leave our site and to read the privacy statements of any other site that collects personally identifiable information.
Updates
Our Privacy Policy may change from time to time and all updates will be posted on this page.
If you feel that we are not abiding by this privacy policy, you should contact us immediately.
Spitz Jewelers