http://www.gaelsong.com/privacy
Apparel
Dresses
Knitwear
Shirts & Tops
Skirts
Wraps & Jackets
Other Apparel
Apparel for Men
Accessories
Belts & Buckles
Face Masks
Footwear
Handbags & Checkbooks
Hats
Scarves
Watches
Other Accessories
Accessories for Men
Craft & Journals
Journals & Pens
Calendars
Craft & Hobby Miscellany
Home Decor
Candles & Lighting
Entertaining
Art: Photos & Prints
Statues & Figurines
Garden
Textiles
Plaques
Home Decor Miscellany
Jewelry
Pendants & Necklaces
Earrings
Rings
Bracelets
Hair Accessories
Crosses
Brooches & Pins
Wedding Rings
Gemstone Gifts
Other Jewelry
Books & Media
Books
Music CDs
Tarot Cards & Books
Beauty & Fragrance
Bath & Body
Perfumes & Colognes
Shop by Theme
New for 2020
Holiday Style
Celtic Gift Guide
Bestsellers
Made in Ireland
Celebrating Scotland
Celtic Christmas
The Tree of Life
Book of Kells
Pagan, Wiccan & Druid
Celtic Wedding
Medieval & Renaissance
The Celtic Cross
Dragons
Fairies & Mermaids
Cats & Owls & Ravens
Sale
Clearance Sale
Irish & Scottish Sale
Shoe & Boot Sale
Sample Sale
Wedding Ring Sale
Home/privacy
GaelSong Privacy Policy
Effective Date of Privacy Policy
This Privacy Policy is effective as of July 6, 2018.
Privacy Policy
We respect each consumer's opinion and choice regarding their privacy online and offline. This Privacy Policy applies to our use of your information on our website (www.gaelsong.com) and for the GaelSong print catalog. If you have any questions regarding privacy issues after consulting this page, please contact us at:
GaelSong, Inc.
PO Box 15388
Seattle, WA 98115
Attention: Customer Service
Email: customerservice@gaelsong.com
What personal information do we collect at our website?
On our website, GaelSong collects information that you provide directly and information collected through technology.
1.
Information Directly Provided by You
We may collect personal information directly from you such as your name, shipping address, billing address, telephone number, email address, credit card number, order information, and sizing information. This information may be collected online or through our inbound call centers and customer service center, such as when you call us or visit our website and take any of the following actions:
Place an order, fill out a form, subscribe to a catalog, or request information about our products and services;
Participate in interactive features of the website or mobile applications, such as product reviews;
Use a social media service such as our Facebook page or other social media sites;
Create a gift registry or shopping list;
Sign up for e-mails or social media notifications from us; or
Enter a contest or sweepstakes, respond to one of our surveys, or participate in a focus group.
We may also collect information that you provide about people you know, such as a recipient's contact information when you send a gift or order gift cards.
2.
Information Collected through Technology
During a normal visit to our website, we may collect information such as the amount of time spent on our site, the pages you visit, clicks, page views, browser type and version, service-provider identification, and IP address. Such information is collected in the aggregate and is anonymous in that it does not contain information that directly identifies you. However, such information may become non-anonymous to the extent that it becomes coupled with personal information provided by you.
As you interact with our service, we and our service providers may place cookies on your system. Cookies are small files that are sent to your browser from a web server and stored on your computer for record keeping purposes. In general, cookies make the internet more useful by storing information about your preferences on a particular system. They help us to improve our website, personalize your shopping experience, and provide you with better customer service.
In addition to cookies, we and our service providers use a variety of other technologies such as web beacons or GIF tags to personalize your experience and gather information on how users interact with our website. This technology allows us to associate your online interactions, such as the pages you visit on our website, your purchase information, and IP-based geographic location, with the personal information you provided to us. The technology also allows us to provide features such as saving items in your cart between visits and delivering product recommendations that are relevant to your prior purchase(s) or browsing history. We also use this information for reporting and analysis purposes in order to improve our business, to market products and services on our website and other websites and over various media, and to deliver products and services to you.
We use third-party companies to serve ads on other websites. These companies may use information about your visits to this and other websites collected through cookies and GIF tags in order to provide personalized banner and display advertisements for goods and services when you visit other websites, based on your interactions and purchases. To learn more about this behavioral advertising practice and to know your choices with respect to these third-party services, you can visit http://www.networkadvertising.org/choices/ or www.aboutads.info.
Most browsers include instructions in the toolbar help section on how to prevent your browser from accepting new cookies, how to have the browser notify you when you receive a new cookie, and how to disable cookies.
How will your telephone number be used?
GaelSong will contact you by telephone only in the event that the need arises to communicate with you directly regarding the processing of your order or inquiry. Telephone numbers are not shared with third parties.
How will your credit card number be used?
GaelSong uses your credit card number and expiration to process your current transaction. Credit card numbers are encrypted in compliance with PCI security standards. Credit card information is not shared with third parties.
How do we use other information collected online or by our call center?
Personal information we collect at our website may be used to do things like the following:
To process your orders and information requests;
To improve customer service, whether it is following up on an order or responding to a technical support request;
To personalize your online experience with offers and content tailored to your individual preferences and needs;
To improve our website, as we continually strive to improve our website offerings based on the information and feedback we receive from you;
To administer contests, promotions, surveys and other website features;
To enable you to post your feedback and other content;
To enable you to interact with third-party content and service providers, whether by viewing their content on our website or within their own environment, or by linking directly to their websites; and
To market products and services for the GaelSong catalog and website (such as adding to our email list or print catalog list when you make an online purchase).
How does our website interact with third party websites and content providers?
Our website may provide links to third party sites or display content provided by third parties, including social networking sites and other sites that host user-generated content. These sites and content providers' own privacy policies and terms of site use will govern your experience on these sites or interaction with this content, and we encourage you to review these policies and terms of site use.
What information is shared with or accessed by third parties?
1.
Service Providers
We use third parties to provide certain support services to us. These third-party service providers do things like provide customer service, process orders and payments, provide call center services, administer sweepstakes and other promotions, maintain databases, provide web hosting, print and distribute catalogs and marketing materials, administer and monitor emails, provide analytics, provide marketing services, and serve advertisements on our behalf across the internet. For these and other functions, such third-party service providers may receive or have access to your personal information.
2.
Other Companies for Marketing
We may share your name, postal address and purchase information with other merchants who may use this information to send you offers for the merchant's own products and services. To opt out of our sharing your information with such other merchants, please email us at customerservice@gaelsong.com or call 1-800-207-4256 (Monday-Friday, 9:00 a.m. to 5:00 p.m. Pacific Time).
3.
Compliance with Law
We may provide access to specific information about our website visitors when legally required to do so, to cooperate with police investigations or other legal proceedings, to protect against misuse or unauthorized use of our website, to limit our legal liability, and to protect our rights or to protect the rights, property, or safety of our customers, the public, or our business. We may also share information with companies assisting in fraud protection, legal compliance or investigations. We do not provide information to these agencies or companies for marketing or commercial purposes.
4.
Merger, Sale or other Transaction
In the event of any reorganization, restructuring, merger or sale, or other transfer of our business assets, consumer information may be one of the business assets that are transferred in connection with such transaction. We may transfer personal information in the event of such a transaction. This Privacy Policy does not restrict our ability to share aggregated or anonymized information that does not directly identify any individual.
What choices do you have regarding GaelSong's use of your personal Information?
1.
Email
Your email address may be used to send you information and updates pertaining to an order, in addition to company news, updates, related product or service information, and special offers and promotions. You may stop future delivery of these emails by following the opt-out or "unsubscribe" instructions located at the bottom of each such email. Please note that opting out or unsubscribing to any of these emails will not stop your receipt of transactional emails (such as email confirmations of your online orders or customer service communications).
2.
GaelSong Catalogs
If you choose not to receive a print catalog or other mailed marketing materials from us, please email your request to customerservice@gaelsong.com or call 1-800-207-4256 (Monday-Friday, 9:00 a.m. to 5:00 p.m. Pacific Time), or write to us at the address listed above.
Specify "Do Not Mail Catalog" in your communication along with your exact name and address. Please note that mailing lists are compiled several weeks in advance of mailing, so you may continue to receive catalogs for a month or two after you make your request.
3.
Cookies, Gif Tags, and Banner or Display Advertising
Cookies placed by us (first party) or third-party service providers on our website provide us with important information on how visitors use our website, and enable us to deliver our ads on our website as well as other websites. You can block or clear cookies from your computer by following your browser's instructions. To block online advertising which may appear on other websites based on your online activity on our site, you can click the preference icon that appears on most banner or display advertising. To learn more about your choices with respect to third party advertising, please visit www.networkadvertising.org/choices or www.aboutads.info.
How do we protect your information?
We take information security very seriously and use reasonable administrative, technical, physical and managerial measures to protect your personal information from unauthorized access. We use industry-standard encryption technologies when transferring and receiving consumer data exchanged with our site. We have security measures in place in our physical facilities to protect against the loss, misuse or alteration of information under our control.
In the event we become aware that the security of our website has been compromised or users' personally identifiable information has been disclosed to unrelated third parties as a result of external activity, including, but not limited to, security attacks or fraud, we reserve the right to take reasonably appropriate measures, including, but not limited to, investigation and reporting, as well as notification to and cooperation with law enforcement authorities. In the event of a data breach, we will make reasonable efforts to notify affected individuals if we believe that there is a reasonable risk of harm to the user as a result of the breach or if notice is otherwise required by law. No system can be guaranteed to be 100% secure. Accordingly, we cannot guarantee the security of your information and cannot assume liability for improper access.
How can you make changes to your personal information?
You may update or modify your account information by emailing customerservice@gaelsong.com or calling 1-800-207-4256 (Monday-Friday, 9:00 a.m. to 5:00 p.m. Pacific Time).
Privacy of Children on Our Website
Our website is not intended for use by children under the age of 13, and we do not knowingly collect personal information from, or send marketing material to, children under the age of 13. Children under the age of 13 should always ask their parents or guardians for permission before providing any personal information to anyone online. We urge parents and guardians to monitor and be aware of their children's online activities, and we recommend the use of parental control or other web filtering technology to supervise children's access to the internet.
Your California Privacy Rights
We collect various types of personal information about you during the course of our customer relationship. Under California law, California residents may make a written request to us for a notice describing what categories of personal customer information we may have shared with third parties. Upon receiving your written request, we may provide you with a notice describing how to opt out of our sharing your information with third parties for their direct marketing purposes.
If you are a California resident and would like to exercise your rights under California law, please send your written request or email to:
GaelSong, Inc.
PO Box 15388
Seattle, WA 98115
Attention: Customer Service
Telephone: 800-207-4256
Email: customerservice@gaelsong.com
Please include your mailing address so that we may provide you with our notice and third-party direct marketing opt-out form. Please allow 30 days to receive a response. Please note that this opt-out does not prohibit disclosures made for non-marketing purposes.
Changes to our Privacy Policy
From time to time, we may use customer information for new, unanticipated uses not previously disclosed in our privacy notice. If our information practices change at some time in the future, we will post these changes on our website. We encourage you to review our privacy policy periodically.
Questions or Comments?
If you have any questions, comments or concerns about our Privacy Policy, please feel free to contact us at:
GaelSong, Inc.
PO Box 15388
Seattle, WA 98115
Attention: Customer Service
Telephone: 800-207-4256
Email: customerservice@gaelsong.com
Questions? Email Customer Service - customerservice@gaelsong.com
® GaelSong is a registered trademark of GaelSong Inc. © Copyright 2007-2020
GaelSong. All Rights Reserved.
Developed in and hosted by CommerceV3