http://www.spicentice.com/pages/privacy-policy
x
Home
Meal Kits
All products
Saver Bundles
American
BBQs
Far East
Indian
Jamaican
Mexican
Moroccan
Mediterranean
Portuguese
Spanish
Thai
Turkish
Vegan & Vegetarian
WORLD'S HOTTEST CURRY
Subscribe & Save
Rubs & Seasonings
Bundles
Chillies
Gifts
FAQs
Home
/
Privacy Policy
Updated May 2018
We are Spicentice Limited, a company registered in England and Wales under company number 5370871, registered at The Old School Room, The annex, 346 Loughborough Road, Leicester, LE4 5PJ.
We are committed to protecting and respecting your privacy. Our Policy tells you how personal information which we collect from you, or which you provide to us, will be processed by us.
Please read this policy carefully to understand our views and practices regarding your personal data and how we will treat it. By using our website www.spicentice.com, you are accepting and consenting to the practices set out in this policy.
For the purposes of the Data Protection Act 1998, the data controller is Spicentice Ltd.
WHAT IS THE PURPOSE OF THE PRIVACY STATEMENT?
Under data protection legislation, Spicentice Ltd is required to explain to you why we collect information about you, how we intend to use that information and whether we will share your information with anyone else.
This statement applies to customers, users of our website and those who wish to receive marketing information from us. Please read this statement carefully to understand our views and practices regarding your personal data and how we will treat it.
This statement (together with the separately posted, website Terms of Use), tells you how personal information which we collect from you, or which you provide to us, will be processed by us.
This statement relates to information collected from you through your use of our website www.spicentice.com. It also relates to information which we collect over the telephone or if you contact us in writing.
This statement does not form part of any contract to provide services.  We may update this statement at any time.
It is important that you inform us of any changes to your personal information which we hold so that the information which we hold is accurate and current.
OUR DATA PROTECTION OFFICER
Our Data Protection Officer is responsible for overseeing what we do with your information and monitoring our compliance with data protection laws..  If you wish to contact the Data Protection Officer, you can do so by writing to hello@spicentice.com.
If you have questions about our use of your personal data, you can raise them with our customer service team, please click here to get in touch.
WHY ARE WE COLLECTING YOUR INFORMATION?
We require your information for:
products you buy with us;
provide you with offers and marketing information about products in which you may be interested;
for our monitoring of the use of our Spicentice site by users;
for profiling purposes so we can better tailor the Spicentice Site' content to users' browsing behaviour; and
to conduct customer surveys in relation to our products and services
THE TYPE OF PERSONAL INFORMATION WE USE.
We are collecting information about you in order to achieve the purposes set out above (see 'Why are we collecting your information?'). This includes:
Personal details and payment
Personal details (such as name, gender and date of birth);
Contact details (such as your address, phone number and email address if provided);
Payment information (such as payment methods, billing address details and other information related to payment. Please note Spicentice Ltd do not retain or store credit card, debit card or other confidential payment information).
Website use and communications
Details of any contact with our support or customer services teams (such as a record of your Correspondence with us or recorded telephone conversations);
Information about your use of our information and communications systems;
Browser information and online identifiers (such as your browser types, browser version host Operating system, browser language and your IP address);
Information about your visit to our website (such as full Uniform Resource Locators (URL) Clickstream to, through and from our site, products viewed or searched for, page response times, download.
Marketing, competitions and survey information
Competition entries;
Your responses to our surveys;
Details of any agreement or objection to receiving marketing information from us.
WHO IS OUR SITE HOSTED BY?
Our store is hosted on Shopify Inc. They provide us with the online e-commerce platform that allows us to sell our products and services to you.
Your data is stored through Shopify’s data storage, databases and the general Shopify application. They store your data on a secure server behind a firewall.
SECURITY OF YOUR DATA
We have put in place appropriate security measures to prevent your personal information from being accidentally lost, used or accessed in an unauthorised way, altered or disclosed.
In addition, we limit access to your personal information to those employees, agents, contractors and other third parties who have a business need to know. They will only process your personal information on our instructions and they are subject to a duty of confidentiality.
We will never ask you to confirm or supply any account or credit card details via email or text message. If you receive such an email or text message, please do not respond and notify us immediately by clicking here.
SOURCE OF YOUR PERSONAL INFORMATION
We obtain your information from the following:
Information provided by you
If you register to use the Spicentice website
If you subscribe to our Spicentice Newsletter;
Additionally, when you make a purchase or attempt to make a purchase through the Site, we collect certain information from you, including your name, billing address, shipping address, payment information, email address, and phone number.  We refer to this information as “Order Information.” We will never ask you to confirm or supply any account or credit card details via email or text message. When we talk about “Personal Information” in this Privacy Policy, we are talking both about Device Information and Order Information. If you enter a competition or promotion sponsored by us;
When you report a problem with our site and/or your order;
When you contact our support or customer service teams;
When you complete surveys that we use for research purposes;
Information collected automatically
When you visit the Site, we automatically collect certain information about your device, including information about your web browser, IP address, time zone, and some of the cookies that are installed on your device. Additionally, as you browse the Site, we collect information about the individual web pages or products that you view, what websites or search terms referred you to the Site, and information about how you interact with the Site. We refer to this automatically-collected information as “Device Information.”
We collect Device Information using the following technologies:
- “Cookies” are data files that are placed on your device or computer and often include an anonymous unique identifier. For more information about cookies, and how to disable cookies, visit http://www.allaboutcookies.org.
- “Log files” track actions occurring on the Site, and collect data including your IP address, browser type, Internet service provider, referring/exit pages, and date/time stamps.     - “Web beacons,” “tags,” and “pixels” are electronic files used to record information about how you browse the Site.
Information collected from third parties
We may collect information about you from third parties where we carry out identity verification credit or anti-fraud checks against your name using third party databases.
HOW DO WE USE YOUR PERSONAL INFORMATION?
We use the Order Information that we collect generally to fulfill any orders placed through the Site (including processing your payment information, arranging for shipping, and providing you with invoices and/or order confirmations).
Additionally, we use this Order Information to: Communicate with you; Screen our orders for potential risk or fraud; and when in line with the preferences you have shared with us, provide you with information or advertising relating to our products or services.
We use the Device Information that we collect to help us screen for potential risk and fraud (in particular, your IP address), and more generally to improve and optimize our Site (for example, by generating analytics about how our customers browse and interact with the Site, and to assess the success of our marketing and advertising campaigns).
SHARING YOUR PERSONAL INFORMATION
We share your Personal Information with third parties to help us use your Personal Information, as described above.  For example, we use Shopify to power our online store - you can read more about how Shopify uses your Personal Information here:  https://www.shopify.com/legal/privacy.
We also use Google Analytics to help us understand how our customers use the Site--you can read more about how Google uses your Personal Information here:  https://www.google.com/intl/en/policies/privacy/.  You can also opt-out of Google Analytics here:  https://tools.google.com/dlpage/gaoptout.
Finally, we may also share your Personal Information to comply with applicable laws and regulations, to respond to a Court Order or a  search warrant or other lawful request for information we receive, or to otherwise protect our rights.
If you have opted in and or have subscribed to our newsletter, you will also receive marketing information about our product range, offers and events.
As described above, we use your Personal Information to provide you with targeted advertisements or marketing communications we believe may be of interest to you.  For more information about how targeted advertising works, you can visit the Network Advertising Initiative’s (“NAI”) educational page at http://www.networkadvertising.org/understanding-online-advertising/how-does-it-work.
WHAT MAY HAPPEN IF YOU DO NOT PROVIDE YOUR PERSONAL INFORMATION?
Many of the services that we offer are only made available if we have certain information about you. To access these services, you will, from time to time, be asked to submit personal data about yourself.
If you do not provide that personal data, we will not be able to offer those services to you. For example, if you do not provide information about your method of payment or delivery address, we will not be able to complete your order with us.
COMPLYING WITH THE DATA PROTECTION ACT
Spicentice will comply with data protection law. At the heart of data protection laws are the "data protection principles" which say that the personal information we hold about you must be:
used lawfully, fairly and in a transparent way;
collected only for valid purposes that we have clearly explained to you and not used in any way that is incompatible with those purposes;
relevant to the purposes we have told you about and limited only to those purposes;
accurate and kept up to date;
kept only as long as necessary for the purposes we have told you about; and
kept securely.
WHAT IS THE LAWFUL BASIS FOR PROCESSING PERSONAL DATA?
In accordance with the data protection laws, we need a "lawful basis" for collecting and using information about you. There are a variety of different legal bases for using personal data which are set out in the data protection laws.
The lawful bases on which we rely in order to use the information which we collect about you for the purposes set out in this statement will be:
Contract: Using your information will be necessary for us to either perform the contract between us or in order to take steps at your request prior to entering into the contract;
Legal compliance: Using your information will be necessary for us to comply with a legal or regulatory obligation;
Legitimate interest: Using your information will be necessary for our legitimate commercial interest and our interest is not outweighed by the potential impact on your privacy. For example, we rely on legitimate interest as our lawful basis to send you marketing information by email or by post if you have placed an order with us and you have not objected to receiving such marketing information. If you would prefer not to receive marketing information from us, please email us at hello@spicentice.com.
Consent: It is possible that you may give us your consent to use your information for a particular purpose.
YOUR RIGHTS
If you have any questions about our use of your personal data, you are welcome to contact us. You will find our contact details at the bottom of this page. If you notice any errors in your personal data, you have the right to have them corrected.
Under certain circumstances, by law you have the right to:
Request access to your personal information: This enables you to receive a copy of the personal information we hold about you and to check that we are lawfully processing it.
Request correction of the personal information: This enables you to have any incomplete or inaccurate information we hold about you corrected.
Request erasure of your personal information: This enables you to ask us to delete or remove personal information where there is no good reason for us continuing to process it.
Object to processing of your personal information: where we are relying on a legitimate interest (or those of a third party) and there is something about your particular situation which makes you want to object to processing on this ground.
Request the restriction of processing of your personal information: This enables you to ask us to suspend the processing of personal information about you, for example if you want us to establish its accuracy or the reason for processing it.
Request the transfer of your personal information: to another party.
You are not always entitled to exercise each of these rights. The rights which you are entitled to exercise depend on a number of factors including the lawful basis on which we rely to use your personal data. Therefore, if you make a request to exercise a right which is not available to you, we have the right to decline the request.
If you want to review, verify, correct or request erasure of your personal information, object to the processing of your personal data, please email:  hello@spicentice.com in writing.
HOW DO I WITHDRAW MY CONSENT OR OPT OUT?
You can ask us to stop sending you marketing messages at any time by logging into your account by following the opt-out links and by following the unsubscribe link on any marketing message sent to you or by contacting us at any time.
You can also withdraw your consent, by contacting us at hello@spicentice.com or mailing us at: Spicentice Ltd, 6 Craven Street, Leicester LE1 4BX.
Once we have received notification that you have withdrawn your consent, we will no longer process your information for the purpose or purposes you originally agreed to, unless we have another legitimate basis for doing so in law.
You can also opt out of targeted advertising by:
FACEBOOK - https://www.facebook.com/settings/?tab=ads
GOOGLE - https://www.google.com/settings/ads/anonymous BING - https://advertise.bingads.microsoft.com/en-us/resources/policies/personalized-ads
Additionally, you can opt out of some of these services by visiting the Digital Advertising Alliance’s opt-out portal at:  http://optout.aboutads.info/.
COOKIES-  Here is a list of cookies that we use. We’ve listed them here so you that you can choose if you want to opt-out of cookies or not.  _session_id, unique token, sessional, Allows Shopify to store information about your session (referrer, landing page, etc).  _shopify_visit, no data held, Persistent for 30 minutes from the last visit, Used by our website provider’s internal stats tracker to record the number of visits  _shopify_uniq, no data held, expires midnight (relative to the visitor) of the next day, Counts the number of visits to a store by a single customer. cart, unique token, persistent for 2 weeks, Stores information about the contents of your cart.  _secure_session_id, unique token, sessional  storefront_digest, unique token, indefinite If the shop has a password, this is used to determine if the current visitor has access.
DO NOT TRACK & INTERNATIONAL
Please note that we do not alter our Site’s data collection and use practices when we see a Do Not Track signal from your browser.
If you are a European resident, you have the right to access personal information we hold about you and to ask that your personal information be corrected, updated, or deleted. If you would like to exercise this right, please contact us through the contact information below.
Additionally, if you are a European resident we note that we are processing your information in order to fulfill contracts we might have with you (for example if you make an order through the Site), or otherwise to pursue our legitimate business interests listed above.  Additionally, please note that your information will be transferred outside of Europe, including to Canada and the United States.
DATA RETENTION
We will only retain your personal data for as long as necessary to fulfil the purposes we collected it for, including for the purposes of satisfying any legal, accounting, or reporting requirements.
To determine the appropriate retention period for personal data, we consider the amount, nature, and sensitivity of the personal data, the potential risk of harm from unauthorised use or disclosure of your personal data, the purposes for which we process your personal data and whether we can achieve those purposes through other means, and the applicable legal requirements. For example, details of your orders will be kept for as long as we need to retain that data to comply with our legal and regulatory requirements.
CHANGES
We may update this privacy policy from time to time in order to reflect, for example, changes to our practices or for other operational, legal or regulatory reasons.
AGE OF CONSENT
By using this site, you represent that you are at least the age of majority in your state or province of residence, or that you are the age of majority in your Country of residence and you have given us your consent to allow any of your minor dependents to use this site.
CONTACT US
For more information about our privacy practices, if you have questions, or if you would like to make a complaint, please contact us by e-mail at info@spicentice.com or by mail using the details provided below: Spicentice Ltd: 6 Craven Street, Leicester, LE1 4BX .
You also have the right to complain to the Information Commissioners Office (ICO). You can contact them by writing to ICO, Wycliffe House, Water Lane, Wilmslow, Cheshire, SK9 5AF.
We would, however appreciate the chance to deal with your concerns before you approach the ICO, so please contact us in the first instance  at hello@spicentice.com.
Loading...
Error
is added to your shopping cart.
is added to your wish list.
Continue Shopping
Go to basket
Go To Wishlist
Close
Back to top