http://www.mozzco.com/privacy
Best Sellers
Gifts and Assortments
Cheese Selections
Gift Certificates
Cheese of the Month
Cookbooks and MORE
Cheese By Texture
Spreadable Cheese
Soft Cheese
Semi-Soft Cheese
Hard Cheese
Cheese By Taste
Mild Cheese
Mellow Cheese
Tangy Cheese
Robust Cheese
Cheese By Type
Cow's Milk Cheese
Goat's Milk Cheese
Mozzarella Cheese Family
Cooking Cheese
Free Shipping on all Gift and Cheese Selections - Click here
Home/privacy
Privacy Policy
At Mozzarella Company, we realize many customers are concerned about the private information they provide us and how we deal with that information. Please read on for more details about our privacy policy or feel free to contact us at mozzcomanager@mozzco.com if you have questions or concerns.
What information do we need and how do we use it?
When placing an order, we will need your name, email address (to notify you of your order status), mailing address, credit card number and expiration date. This information allows us to process and fulfill your order in the most efficient way.
If you participate in one of our promotional offers, we may ask for your name, e-mail address and mailing address so that we may inform you of future events and promotions in which you may be interested. This information will not be shared with or distributed to any outside entity.
When you register with us at our website, you have the option of being added to our mailing list. We use this information to notify you of important changes to our website, new products and services, and valuable special offers. If you decide later that you do not wish to receive such information from us, you may change your preference by visiting Your Account page or emailing us at mozzcomanager@mozzco.com.
Does Mozzarella Company disclose my information to other companies?
If you order a product from us or request a catalog, you are placed in our customer file. We do not sell our list, but occasionally may make our list available through exchange with other reputable catalog companies. If you do not wish to receive catalog mailings from these companies, please contact us.
Does Mozzarella Company disclose my gift or catalog information to other companies?
If you order a product or request a catalog as a gift for a Recipient, that Recipient is placed in our customer file for catalog mailings or other special offers from Straub’s, but we do not make our list of these Recipients available to other catalog companies. To remove a Recipient’s name from our catalog list, please email the request to mozzcomanager@mozzco.com.
What about ‘cookies’?
Like most websites, we utilize ‘cookie’ technology to ensure an easy, hassle-free shopping experience. ‘Cookies’ are small bits of information stored on your computer’s hard drive. They do not reveal any personal information about you, provide any way for us to contact you, or get information about your computer. ‘Cookies’ simply allow us to enhance your overall shopping experience.
Your consent
By using our website, you have given your consent to our privacy terms and the way we collect and use personal information. Should we decide to change our policy, we will post these changes on this page so you will be aware of the new policy. Check this page from time to time to see if our policy has been changed or updated. Remember, we are committed to protecting your privacy. If you have any questions or comments about our privacy policy, email us at mozzcomanager@mozzco.com.
Sign Up for Email Newsletters
Follow us