https://www.pennstateind.com/store/shopping_online.html#privacy-policy-help
*Free Shipping: Receive FREE ground shipping on your merchandise order of $49 or more on qualifying, in stock products** (excluding taxes) made at pennstateind.com. Offer ends 12/14/20 at 11:00AM EST. Offer redeemable for online purchases only. Offer not valid for prior purchases, mail orders or phone orders. Offer not valid in conjunction with any other promotions, discounts or offers. Offer only applies to ground shipping in the contiguous 48 states. Offer not valid for Alaska, Hawaii, Puerto Rico, Virgin Islands or for international orders including Canada and Mexico. Additional shipping charges apply for express shipping.
**Overstock Sale: Available on-line only for specified, in-stock products. Not valid for mail or phone orders. 30% discount is automatically applied at checkout – no Coupon Code needed. This offer cannot be applied to previous or pending. Promotion applies to orders before shipping & sales tax. Penn State Industries reserves the right to cancel any order due to unauthorized, altered or ineligible use of discount. Penn State Industries reserves the right to alter any order if inventory becomes unavailable. Offer ends 12/14/20 at 11:00AM EST
My Account
Sign In
Order Tracking
Order History
Wish List
My Reorder List
Live Chat
Free Catalog
Product Instructions
Interactive Catalog
New Arrivals
Pen Design Studio
Search ...
Need Help? 1-800-377-7297
0
PEN KITS
Bolt Action Pen Kits
Slimline Pen Kits
Starter Pen Kit Packages
Bundles & Variety Packs
Majestic Pen Kits
Gatsby Pen Kits
Bullet Cartridge Pen Kits
Firefighter Pen Kits
Designer Pen Kits
Dog Pen Kits
Shop All Pen Kits
PROJECT KITS
Bottle Stopper Kits
Peppermill Kits
Shaving Kits
Miscellaneous Kits
Seam Ripper Kits
Bottle Opener Kits
Keychain Kits
Cutlery Kits
Tool Making Kits
Crochet Hook Kits
Shop All Turning Project Kits
PEN TURNING SUPPLIES
Mandrels
Finishing
Boxes
Barrel trimming system
Components
Assembly and Disassembly
Boxes, Cases and Displays
Bands, Clips and Caps
Tubes
Bushings
Trimming and Cutting
Shop All Pen Turning Supplies
BLANKS
Pen Blanks
Bottle Stopper Blanks
Bowl Blanks
Game Call Blanks
Spindle Blanks
Vanity & Peppermill Blanks
Shop All Blanks
MINI LATHES
Midi Lathes
Starter Sets
Lathe Duplicator Attachments
Lathe Mounted Fluting Guides
10" Swing
12" Swing
Shop All Midi Lathes
LATHE ACCESSORIES
Woodturning Tools
Chucks
Barracuda 4 Jaw Chucks
Economy 3 & 4 Jaw Chucks
Lathe Chisel Sets
Carbide Magic
Tool Rests
Assorted Lathe Accessories
Drive Centers
Spindle Adapters
Tailstock Live Centers
Shop All Lathe Accessories
BEGINNERS GUIDE
SPECIALS
Pen Kits
Turning Project Kits
Pen Turning Supplies
Pen and Turning Blanks
Midi Lathes
Lathe Accessories
New Products
Shop All Specials
ORDER BY ITEM#
To order, enter an item number in a field below, enter a quantity, and then click the "Add to Cart" button.
Add to Cart
Pen Kits
Turning Project Kits
Pen Turning Supplies
Pen & Turning Blanks
Mini Lathes
Lathe Accessories
More Ways to Shop
Specials
Current Promotions
New Products
Best Sellers
Customer Photo Gallery
Shop Interactive Catalog
New to Pen Turning?
Shopping Online
Privacy Policy
Using our Search Engine
How To Order Online
Out of Stock and Discontinued Items
Shopping our Interactive Online Catalog
Changing or Modifying Your Order
Mobile Messaging Terms and Conditions
Privacy Policy Penn State Industries respects your privacy and the security of your personal information. For this reason, we have updated our Privacy Policy (“Policy”) as of May 25, 2018. It describes how Penn State Industries Industries (“Penn State Industries”, “we”, “our”, or “us”) collects, uses and shares personal information when you access our website, contact us by phone, email, and chat or connect with us in any other manner, including in our social media channels. We periodically update this Privacy Policy and reserve the right to change the provisions of this Policy or our privacy practices at any time.
Your Consent
By providing personal information and/or non-personal information to us through the Site or through our customer service department in connection with our Site or Catalog, you are agreeing to let Penn State Industries collect and use your information as described in the Privacy Policy.
What is personal information?
Personal information means information that specifically identifies an individual person, such as name, mailing address, email address, phone number, or account number. It may also include other information about you, such as gender, date of birth, or other demographic information, or about your use of the Site, such as IP address or cookies, if that other information is linked to your personal information.
Collection of Your Information
Information you Provide to Us
Penn State Industries collects personal information that you provide to us. We may collect information (including name, billing and shipping address, telephone number, email address, transaction information and credit card information) when you:
• Place an order over the phone from our catalogs or on our website
• Add yourself to a product’s wait list on our website
• Return an item or make an exchange
• Request a catalog
• Create an account at pennstateind.com or checkout as a guest
• Sign up for Penn State Industries emails
• Are referred to us through a marketing promotion
• Provide a product review on our website
• Otherwise submitting personal information to us
Information from Other Sources
We also may collect information about you from third party sources. The information we collect from third party sources may include things like demographic information and purchase preference information. The third party sources may include public databases‚ social media platforms‚ data append services‚ data sharing cooperatives‚ and others.
Automated Information Collection
We also collect some of your information automatically when you visit this Site. For example, this Site collects your IP address, Internet Service Provider (ISP), login information, operating system, clickstream data and other online identifiers and records the pages that you visit and other information about your activity on the Site (e.g. Information you enter during the checkout process).
Like many other websites, we may use “cookies”, pixels/web beacons and other technologies to receive and store certain types of information. This information helps us customize your website experience and make our marketing messages more relevant, improve customer online shopping experience, help with fraud identification and to assist our customer service representatives in resolving issues customers may experience in completing online purchases. In order to provide the best customer experience possible, we also use this information for reporting and analysis purposes, such as how you are shopping our website, performance of our marketing efforts, and your response to those marketing efforts. If you reject cookies, you may still use our Site, but your ability to use some features or areas of our Site may be limited. We may also work with third-parties providers who may use cookies on our Site. You can block cookies by activating the setting on your browser that allows you to refuse the setting of all or some cookies. For more information about cookies, including how to set your internet browser to reject cookies, please go to www.allaboutcookies.org or www.networkadvertising.org.
Single Sign-On Services
We may also use single sign-on services that allow you to sign into this Site using your third-party social networking login credentials for accounts such as Facebook. This allows you to link your existing social network profile to your Site account. Once connected‚ you will be able to post content on the third-party website from this Site and interact with your friends from the third-party site(s). Any information or content that you post to the third-party website will be subject to that website’s own privacy policy. We may also access and use available information from your third-party social network profile‚ such as your name‚ location‚ profile picture and information‚ gender‚ list of friends‚ friends’ profiles or postings‚ email address‚ wall postings and news feed.
We also engage a third-party partner for the purpose of identifying users and delivering to them marketing on our behalf (i.e. email or direct mail). Our partners may collect information directly from your device, such as your IP address, device ID, and information about your browser or operating system; may combine personal and non-personal information about you with information from other sources; and may place or recognize a unique cookie on your browser. This activity enables them to identify you to facilitate the delivery of marketing on our behalf. To opt out of recognition services, please go to https://idx.listrakbi.com/opt-out.html. To opt out of third-party cookies, please go to http://www.aboutads.info/choices.
What we do with your information
At Penn State Industries we want to provide you with a great shopping experience and fulfill your orders in an efficient manner. To do this, we may collect and use your personal information to:
Process and track your order
Send you an order and shipping confirmation email
Product returns
Provide the services you request
Contact you about the status of an order
Send you catalogs or promotional offers we believe will be of interest to you
Send requested product or service information
Send you Penn State Industries email updates (e.g., coupons) or otherwise respond to questions, concerns, and customer support inquiries.
To administer surveys‚ sweepstakes‚ contests‚ and promotions
Identify your product and service preferences
Customize our communications to you
Improve our merchandise selection and customer service
Improve the effectiveness of the Site, mobile experience, and marketing efforts
Conduct research and analysis, including surveys.
Prevent fraudulent transactions, monitor against theft and otherwise protect our customers and our business
Information We Share with Others and Your Privacy Rights
We contract with other companies to provide certain services, including shipping, name and address verification, email distribution, market research, third party advertising and payment processing (to view PayPal's privacy policy, please visit https://www.paypal.com/privacy). We provide these companies with only the information they need to perform their services and work closely with them to ensure that your privacy is respected and protected. These companies are prohibited by contract from using this information for their own marketing purposes or from sharing this information with anyone other than Penn State Industries
Marketing Purposes: From time to time, we make our mailing list (names and addresses only) available to other reputable organizations whose products or services we believe will be of interest to you. We do not share email addresses for this purpose.
Legal Requirements‚ Safety‚ and Loss Prevention: We may disclose your personal information in other special circumstances. For example, we may provide personal information about you to regulatory authorities and law enforcement officials in accordance with applicable law‚ when we otherwise believe in good faith that the law requires it‚ or to respond to requests from government authorities. There may be instances when we may use or disclose your personal information in order to protect or defend the legal rights‚ property or operations of Lands’ End or our employees or agents; to protect the rights‚ privacy‚ safety or security of users‚ members or others; to protect against fraud; and to allow us to pursue available remedies or limit the damages that we may sustain. We do not provide information to these agencies or companies for marketing or commercial purposes
Your Rights to Access and Control your Data
You have many choices about how your data is collected, used and shared.
If you would like to opt out of Penn State Industries promotional emails or receive fewer emails‚ please follow the unsubscribe link at the bottom of each such email or unsubscribe through our Email Preference Center or contact us at
If you do not want to receive mailings from other reputable companies and prefer that we do not share any information with these companies, please Contact Us.
If you would like to opt out of receiving Penn State Industries catalogs‚ please contact us at one of the channels listed in the Contact Us section of our Site.
So that we can be sure to identify you correctly, please provide us with your full name‚ the types of communications you would like to receive or not receive‚ and your contact information. For example,‚ if you would like to opt-out of receiving catalogs‚ make sure to include your mailing address in your communication to us.
Because catalog mailings and promotional emails are planned in advance, please allow a reasonable time for your preferences to be processed. It may take up to 10 days to process your requests related to email. Please note that requested changes to the Mailing List may take up to eight (8) weeks to take effect, particularly if we are removing your name from our postal mailings.
We may still contact you for transactional purposes such as customer service‚ product information‚ and more. We may also contact you with questions or information regarding your order‚ such as regarding order status‚ shipment‚ or refunds.
To opt-out of direct personalized advertising on the Internet from Penn State Industries, click here. If you choose to opt-out of direct personalized advertising, you may still see advertisements on the internet from Penn State Industries, however, such advertisements were not generated by use of your personal information.
We may retain your personal data even after you have made certain choices if reasonably necessary to comply with our legal obligations (including law enforcement requests), meet regulatory requirements, resolve disputes, maintain security, prevent fraud and abuse, or fulfill your request to "unsubscribe" from further messages from us. We also may also retain de-personalized information after honoring your request(s).
For E.U. Residents Only: If you are a resident of the European Union and you would like to take advantage of any of your rights under the EU General Data Protection Regulation (GDPR), such as your Right to Erasure (otherwise known as the “Right to be Forgotten”) please contact Penn State Industries customer service department and we will be happy to assist you.
How Penn State Industries Protects Personal Information
To prevent unauthorized access, maintain data accuracy and ensure the correct use of information, we have put in place appropriate physical, electronic, and managerial procedures to safeguard and secure the information we collect online and that resides in our internal network. We are fully PCI compliant and our Site is protected by a firewall. We also do not store personal information on-site at Penn State Industries headquarters (e.g. no names, addresses, credit card information etc., is stored on site).  We store all personal information, off site in secure data centers. We use these procedures to better safeguard your information. We also take reasonable steps to ensure that third parties who work with us to make the Site (including the software, applications and services provided on the Site) available to you agree to protect personal information that they must access in order to serve you and to honor your preferences about contacts you receive. However. Penn State Industries shall have no liability or responsibility for the privacy practices or other actions of any third-party service provider or any other third-party site or service that may be enabled within the Service.
When you send or otherwise transmit your sensitive information (such as your credit card number) to or though the Site, your sensitive information is encrypted and protected with SSL, the current industry-standard encryption protocol. One way to check to see if you are on a secure page is to check the URL or address of the page. (Look in the address box or right-click on the page and select "Properties".) These secure SSL-encrypted pages have URLs that start with "https://" instead of "http://".
Our security and privacy policies are periodically reviewed and enhanced as required and only authorized individuals are permitted access to the information that you provide to us. We take physical, technical and administrative measures to safeguard against unauthorized disclosures of Personal Information, however; we cannot guarantee that these measures will prevent breaches of the integrity and security of our network and systems, or that Personal Information will never be accessed or acquired by unauthorized persons, notwithstanding the safeguards we have in place. Without limiting the terms of this Privacy Policy, you understand that we do not guarantee that your use of the Site and/or information provided by you will be private or secure and we are not responsible or liable to you for any lack of privacy or security you may experience. You are fully responsible for taking precautions and providing security measures best suited for your situation and intended use of the Site. You also understand that any information provided by you or collected by us or our agents in connection with your use of the Site will be used in the manner described in our Privacy Policy. Please do not use the Site if you do not agree to the terms and conditions described in this section.
Privacy of Children
Protecting the rights of children is very important to Penn State Industries. Our website is not intended for use by children under the age of 13 and we do not knowingly collect personal information from children under the age of 13. If you are under the age of 18, you may only use pennstateind.com with the help of a parent or guardian.
Additional Security
We also ask customers to carefully review their accounts and immediately report any unexpected activity to us and their issuing bank or credit card company. We ask all our customers to take measures to help protect information in their online accounts, including the following:
Install the latest security updates and anti-virus software on your computer to help prevent malware and viruses.
Reset your e-mail account passwords frequently.
Use complex passwords or passphrases
Do not use the same password on more than one website.
Do not share your password with others.
Sign out/log off website sessions so that your session is closed and cannot be accessed by another user on the same computer, especially when using a public computer or terminal.
Email Security: Please note that e-mail may not be encrypted and is not considered to be a secure means of transmitting credit card information. “Phishing” is a scam designed to steal your information. If you receive an e-mail that looks like it is from us asking you for certain information, do not respond. Though we might ask you your name, we will never request your password, credit card information or other information through e-mail.
Visitors from Outside of the United States
The Service is hosted in the United States. If you are visiting the Service from outside the United States, your information may be transferred to, stored and processed in the United States in accordance with this Privacy Policy and applicable US laws. Please note that data protection and other applicable laws of the United States may not be as comprehensive as those laws or regulations in your country or may otherwise differ from the data protection or consumer protection laws in your country. By using the Service, you consent to transfer of your information to our facilities as described in this Privacy Policy.
If you have any questions about security of the Site, please contact us.
We may disclose your personal information
As required by law, such as to comply with a subpoena, or similar legal process;
When we believe, in good faith, that disclosure is necessary to protect our rights, enforce our terms and conditions, protect your safety or the safety of others, investigate fraud, or respond to a government request;
If Penn State Industries is involved in a merger, acquisition, or sale of all or a portion of its assets; and
To any other third party, with your prior consent to do so.
You may review, update, or modify your online account information, including profile and contact information, at any time by logging into your Penn State Industries online account. You may permanently delete your Penn State Industries Accounts by contacting us here. Contact Us
For questions or comments related to your privacy, we invite you to contact our customer service department. We’re always here to help.
For other types of comments, questions, or for assistance placing an order, please visit our website at pennstateind.com or call us directly at 1-800-377-7297.
Your California Privacy Rights
If you are a California resident, California law may provide you with additional rights regarding our use of your personal information. To learn more about your California privacy rights, visit https://oag.ca.gov/privacy/privacy-laws
California’s “Shine the Light” law (Civil Code Section § 1798.83) permits users of our Website that are California residents to request certain information regarding our disclosure of personal information to third parties for their direct marketing purposes. To make such a request, write us at: Penn State Industries 9900 Global Road Philadelphia, PA 19115
Using our Search Engine Use the search box to find products
On the homepage you'll see the search box at the top of the screen, just under the 'Woodturning', 'Dust Collection' and 'Shop Tools' category names. Next, type key words or phrases in the search box. Examples: 'slimline pen kit' or 'chisel' Click on the yellow 'FIND' button.
Your search will return a list of products that meet your search criteria. Click on any item in the search list to go to the in-depth product information page.
Please Note: You have the ability to narrow down your results by clicking on the links on the left hand side of page that under 'Filter by Category', 'Filter By Price', etc.,
Once you have arrived at the product information page, you may select the quantity you'd like to purchase. If the product you're viewing has Quantity Pricing, the Quantity Pricing options will appear in a box next to the stated price. Add the product to your Shopping Basket by clicking the yellow "Add to Cart" button.
When you are done shopping, click the 'Checkout' button. If you want to continue shopping at this point, you can click 'Continue Shopping' where you'll be sent back to the last page you viewed.
How To Order Online We've provided multiple ways for you to find and shop for products from our on-line store.
Browse through the Categories on the left hand side of the page
Use the links on the left hand side of the page to narrow down to the categories and products that you'd like to buy. We've organized the categories to make them as easy as possible to find what you're looking for.
To go back to the home-page, simply click on the Penn State Industries logo at the top of the page.
Shop the Product item code with our 'Quick Order' tool
Find a product in the Penn State Industries catalog that you would like to purchase online. Next, locate the product's item number below its description. With this information you can now use the Quick Order Box at the top of the page.
There are three easy steps to using the Quick Order box:
Simply enter the item # of the product you wish to order
Enter the quantity you'd like to order
Click "Add to Cart" and you're sent to the shopping cart page!
Out of Stock and Discontinued Items We make every effort to stock the products listed in our catalog. However, periodically some of the products in our on-line store may be discontinued, out of stock, on backorder or new (i.e., coming soon) and not available for immediate purchase.
If an item is out of stock, on backorder oris coming soonwe'll let you know on the product information page. Either an item will be "In Stock - Ready to Ship" or if it's out of stock, on backorder or is coming soon we will let you know that it's "Out of Stock" along with an estimateddate of when the item will be back in stock.
We've made it easy for you to be notified when an item is back in stock with our "Wait List" feature.Once you jointhe wait List for an out of stock item, you'll emailed as soon as that item is back in stock.
To join the waitlist for an out of stock item, just go to the product information page for the out of stock item. Then click the "Out of Stock - Join the Waitlist!" linkabove the product name. Then, just type in your email address and click the "Notify Me" button. You'll then be added to the waitlist for the product and will be emailed as soon as that item is back in stock.
Shopping our Interactive Online Catalog You can browse and buy from the full Penn State Industries catalog right here.
Shop our Interactive Catalog Online now
If you have our print catalog and you know the page number of the item you want, just go that page on-line and click on the item (or item number) to buy it. To navigate the Interactive Catalog Online, click on the "Previous" and "Next" buttons. Use the "Select Page" Drop-Down Menu to jump to a specific page. Click on the "Enlarge" button to zoom in on the page. After buying an item, click on the "Back" button until you return to the on-line catalog page you were on. Click the "Cart" button to see your shopping cart and return to the store.
If you would like our print catalog or would like to enroll in our email specials program click here
Changing or Modifying Your Order
We're sorry, order information cannot be changed once you submit your order. We process orders very quickly, and once an order begins the fulfillment process we are unable to modify it. We apologize for any inconvenience, and we hope that in the majority of cases our faster processing times work to your advantage. If you have questions about your order, please contact us by phone.
Mobile Messaging Terms and Conditions
Penn State Industries Mobile Messaging
By subscribing to Penn State Industries mobile messages, you agree to receive autodialed marketing messages to the telephone number used at the time of opt in. Message frequency may vary. Message and data rates may apply. Consent is not required as a condition of purchasing any goods or services. Terms & Conditions are subject to change. The mobile carriers are not liable for delayed or undelivered messages.
You can view our privacy policy by clicking here
Mobile Message Details:
To join, text advertised keyword such as TURN to 42169 to receive promotional alerts from “PennStateIndusies.”
For help, Text HELP to 42169, or call 1-800-377-7297 for assistance.
To opt out, Text STOP to 42169.
MY ACCOUNT
Account Settings Order History My Reorder List Wish List Email Preferences Order Tracking
SHOP WITH CONFIDENCE
Satisfaction Guarantee About Us Privacy Policy Return Policy Instructions & Manuals Customer Photo Gallery
CUSTOMER SERVICE
Contact Us Help My Account Track Order Shipping Product Recalls Accessibility
CATALOG
Free Catalog Shop Interactive Catalog Catalog Quick Order Read & Write Reviews Browse all Categories Product Instructions
SIGN UP FOR EMAILS Sign up for Penn State Industries emails and be the first to hear about sales, exclusive offers, and more! By signing up you have read and agree to the terms of Penn State Industries Privacy Policy
Online prices and selection generally match our online catalog, but may vary. Prices and offers are subject to change. © Penn State Industries. All Rights Reserved.