http://www.wood-avenue.com/terms_privacy.asp
Skip to content
Product Categories
Master Gardener Tools
Hand Pruners
Anvil Series
VSX-Series
120 Series
300 Series
120S Series
310 Series
130 Series
SE Series
140 Series
CB Series
Long Reach Pruners
ZF Series Long Reach Pruners
ZR Series Telescoping
ZR Series Fixed Length
LR-Series
R-Series
Loppers
Hickok Loppers
VACA Loppers
ARS Loppers
ARS LongReach Loppers
Ratchet Loppers
Scissors
330HN Series
320 Series
340H Series
Specialty
FL Series
Textile Shears
ARSuper Scissors
GT Floral Shears
Hedge Shears
ARS Hedge Shears
GT Hedge Shears
Topiary Shears
ARS Traditional Trimming Shears
Saws
PRO Series
E Series
PM Series
TL Series
G Series
210DX
CAMLN Series
Classic Series
Spare Blades for Saws
Arborist Blades
Poles and Pole Saws
EXP Poles
EXP Saws
EXW Pole Saws
Knives
Accessories
Pouches
Sharpeners
Spare Parts
Spare Parts
Extension Poles Spare Parts
SC-EXP23 Spare Parts
SC-EXP33/45/55 Spare Parts
SA-UV40/47/34EXP/CT34EXP Spare Parts
Hand Pruner Spare Parts
HP-120DXT Spare Parts
V-Series Hand Pruners Spare Parts
HP-120EU Spare Parts
HP-120DX Spare Parts
HP-120EUR Spare Parts
HP-120S7/S8 Spare Parts
HP-130DX/140DX Spare Parts
HP-140LDX Spare Parts
HP-CB8/9 Spare Parts
HP-CBR8/9 Spare Parts
HPK-KS4 Spare Parts
HP-QT13/14 Spare Parts
Fruit Pruner Spare Parts
HP-SE30/45/65 Spare Parts
HP-310/310DX Spare Parts
HP-300L/300SS Spare Parts
Folding Saws Spare Parts
SA-210DX Spare Parts
SA-GR17/G17/Z17 Spare Parts
SA-G18/18L/18H/GR18L Spare Parts
SA-PM21/21L/24/24L Spare Parts
Fixed Saws Spare Parts
SA-CAM18/18L/18LN Spare Parts
SA-CAM24L/24LN Spare Parts
SA-CAM18PRO/24PRO Spare Parts
SA-PS25KL/PS30KL Spare Parts
SA-TL24/27/30 Spare Parts
SA-CT32PRO/UV32PRO Spare Parts
SA-UV32/CT32 Spare Parts
Hedge Shears Spare Parts
HS-KR1000 Spare Parts
HS-K1000/1000L Spare Parts
HS-K1100 Spare Parts
HS-K800R/900Z/950Z Spare Parts
HSK-372/375 Spare Parts
HSK-N226 Spare Parts
HSK-N352 Spare Parts
Loppers Spare Parts
LP-22/33 Spare Parts
LP-18515/18 Spare Parts
LPC-428/432/436 Spare Parts
Long Reach Pruners Spare Parts
ZF Telescoping Series Spare Parts
ZR Telescoping Series Spare Parts
L Series Spare Parts
LR Series Spare Parts
R Series Spare Parts
ZR Fixed Length Spare Parts
LA-15006 Spare Parts
ZK Series Spare Parts
ZT Series Spare Parts
Scissors Spare Parts
SS-34HT/HM
Spare Parts
SS-FL16/18 Spare Parts
SSK-N207/N224 Spare Parts
Nav Menu 5
Nav Menu 6
Nav Menu 7
Nav Menu 8
Privacy Policy
What information do we collect?We collect information from you when you register on the site, place an order, enter a contest or sweepstakes, respond to a survey or communication such as e-mail, or participate in another site feature.When ordering or registering, we may ask you for your name, e-mail address, mailing address, phone number, credit card information or other information. You may, however, visit our site anonymously.We also collect information about gift recipients so that we can fulfill the gift purchase. The information we collect about gift recipients is not used for marketing purposes.Like many websites, we use "cookies" to enhance your experience and gather information about visitors and visits to our websites. Please refer to the "Do we use 'cookies'?" section below for information about cookies and how we use them.How do we use your information?We may use the information we collect from you when you register, purchase products, enter a contest or promotion, respond to a survey or marketing communication, surf the website, or use certain other site features in the following ways:To personalize your site experience and to allow us to deliver the type of content and product offerings in which you are most interested.To allow us to better service you in responding to your customer service requests.To quickly process your transactions.To administer a contest, promotion, survey or other site feature.If you have opted-in to receive our e-mail newsletter, we may send you periodic e-mails. If you would no longer like to receive promotional e-mail from us, please refer to the "How can you opt-out, remove or modify information you have provided to us?" section below. If you have not opted-in to receive e-mail newsletters, you will not receive these e-mails. Visitors who register or participate in other site features such as marketing programs and 'members-only' content will be given a choice whether they would like to be on our e-mail list and receive e-mail communications from us.How do we protect visitor information?We implement a variety of security measures to maintain the safety of your personal information. Your personal information is contained behind secured networks and is only accessible by a limited number of persons who have special access rights to such systems, and are required to keep the information confidential. When you place orders or access your personal information, we offer the use of a secure server. All sensitive/credit information you supply is transmitted via Secure Socket Layer (SSL) technology and then encrypted into our databases to be only accessed as stated above.Do we use "cookies"?Yes. Cookies are small files that a site or its service provider transfers to your computer's hard drive through your Web browser (if you allow) that enables the site's or service provider's systems to recognize your browser and capture and remember certain information. For instance, we use cookies to help us remember and process the items in your shopping cart. They are also used to help us understand your preferences based on previous or current site activity, which enables us to provide you with improved services. We also use cookies to help us compile aggregate data about site traffic and site interaction so that we can offer better site experiences and tools in the future.We may contract with third-party service providers to assist us in better understanding our site visitors. These service providers are not permitted to use the information collected on our behalf except to help us conduct and improve our business.You can choose to have your computer warn you each time a cookie is being sent, or you can choose to turn off all cookies. You do this through your browser (like Netscape Navigator or Internet Explorer) settings. Each browser is a little different, so look at your browser Help menu to learn the correct way to modify your cookies. If you turn cookies off, you won't have access to many features that make your site experience more efficient and some of our services will not function properly. However, you can still place orders over the telephone by contacting customer service.Do we disclose the information we collect to outside parties?We do not sell, trade, or otherwise transfer to outside parties your personally identifiable information unless we provide you with advance notice, except as described below. The term "outside parties" does not include www.wood-avenue.com. It also does not include website hosting partners and other parties who assist us in operating our website, conducting our business, or servicing you, so long as those parties agree to keep this information confidential. We may also release your information when we believe release is appropriate to comply with the law, enforce our site policies, or protect ours or others' rights, property, or safety.However, non-personally identifiable visitor information may be provided to other parties for marketing, advertising, or other uses.How can you opt-out, remove or modify information you have provided to us?To modify your e-mail subscriptions, please let us know by modifying your preferences in the "My Account" section. Please note that due to email production schedules you may receive any emails already in production.To delete all of your online account information from our database, sign into the "My Account" section of our site and remove your shipping addresses, billing addresses & payment information. Please note that we may maintain information about an individual sales transaction in order to service that transaction and for record keeping.Third party linksIn an attempt to provide you with increased value, we may include third party links on our site. These linked sites have separate and independent privacy policies. We therefore have no responsibility or liability for the content and activities of these linked sites. Nonetheless, we seek to protect the integrity of our site and welcome any feedback about these linked sites (including if a specific link does not work).Changes to our policyIf we decide to change our privacy policy, we will post those changes on this page. Policy changes will apply only to information collected after the date of the change. This policy was last modified on August 6, 2003.Questions and feedbackWe welcome your questions, comments, and concerns about privacy. Please send us any and all feedback pertaining to privacy, or any other issue.Online Policy OnlyThis online privacy policy applies only to information collected through our website and not to information collected offline.Terms and ConditionsPlease also visit our Terms and Conditions section establishing the use, disclaimers, and limitations of liability governing the use of our website.Your consentBy using our site, you consent to our privacy policy.