http://www.womanspersonalhealth.com/policies
Skip to main content
Search form
Home
Useful Links
Information
F.A.Q.
Policies
Products
Blog
Testimonials
Contact
Size Charts
Savvy Shopper
Log In
Home »Policies
Policies
Sale Ends In:
PLEASE READ THE POLICIES REGARDING RETURNS!!
Return & Exchange Policy
You must request an (Return Authorization) RA Number first for any returns.
Please do not send any items back before first getting an RA Number and instructions on how to process the return.  Your exchange or return will be denied if you do not first request an RA Number and instructions.
Please first email us at support@womanspersonalhealth for your return with your order number and description of your return.
Do not return items to the manufacturer.
Return & Exchange Policy Restrictions
All SAVVY SHOPPER ITEMS, PANTIES, NIPPLES or ANY Item Marked NO RETURN / NO EXCHANGES ARE NON-RETURNABLE
We will exchange or credit your account on items purchased within 30 days of receipt.  All garments must be in re-saleable condition.
No returns or exchanges will be accepted over 30 days. Should a late return be sent to us, we will return it at the customers' expense via USPS Priority Mail.
We will not accept returns, or issue refunds on swimsuits without panty liners, items that have been worn, washed, have the tags removed, stained, smell of smoke or damaged in any way.  The customer will be charged a return shipping fee to send them back to the customer.
If you received FREE shipping on your order and your return brings your order below the free shipping offer, you will be charged the original shipping fee.
If you received FREE shipping on your order and return your order without an exchange, you will be charged the original shipping fee.
Upon receipt of returned items we will contact our customers once via email and once by phone to return the disapproved item.  Should our customers not respond to our communication within (4) four weeks, at our discretion we will recycle, dispose of or donate returned items, which are unacceptable for refund or exchange based on above policies.
ALL BRAS THAT ARE MOLDED CUP AND HAVE BEEN SHIPPED TO YOU IN A BOX MUST BE RETURNED IN THE BOX THAT IT WAS SHIPPED IN. IF THE BRA CUPS ARE CRUSHED WE CANNOT RE-SELL THEM.  YOU WILL NOT RECEIVE ANY CREDIT.
Shipping and Handling will be charged for all returns & exchanges unless we made an error in shipping the wrong item.
All original packaging must be included with the item. The item must be in brand new, resalable condition.
Any exchange or refund requested must be made within 30 days of merchandise receipt. Please call us at 877-463-1343 or send us an email stating your name, order number, the item number and the reason for the return/exchange.  Please include your telephone number. We will write back or telephone you with further instructions.
A minimum restocking fee of 10% applies to each item returned that is not exchanged.
Credit is given within 30 days of receipt of your item.
If the labels have been removed the items do not qualify for a return under any circumstances.
The customer is responsible for paying return shipping charges. If the reason for the return is the result of our error, we will provide you with free return shipping. After we receive the returned item, we will refund the cost of the original item less original shipping charges.
You will be responsible for the packing, postage, and shipping of the item back to us.
You will be responsible for new shipping charges.
No refunds on shipping
Shipping choices such as Next Day shipping or any other shipments that we currently do not offer at checkout:  Please email us at support@womanspersonalhealth or use our contact form here if you need any other type of shipping that is not offered at checkout and we will try to accommodate your requests.
Shipping and Handling Charges
Shipping will be charged according to weight and method used
International orders start at $39.95 and may be more based on the types of products you order based on carrier and weight.
REGARDING INTERNATIONAL SHIPPING
We ship U.S. Postal Service with tracking and delivery confirmation when available to keep the postage a reasonable rate for our customers.  Once the package leaves the United States, WE ARE NO LONGER RESPONSIBLE FOR THE PACKAGE.  BY ORDERING FROM US YOU AGREE THAT YOU ARE AWARE AND ACCOUNTABLE FOR ANY DUTY, TAX OR VAT WHICH MAY BE CHARGED BY YOUR COUNTRY AND THAT WE WILL NOT BE RESPONSIBLE FOR ANY DUTY, TAX, OR VAT WHICH IS ADDED TO YOUR PACKAGE.  Unfortunately, there are countries where there may be a problem with their postal service.  PLEASE MAKE SURE YOU GIVE US AN ADDRESS WHICH IS SAFE AND WHERE THE PACKAGE CAN BE DELIVERED TO.
Woman's Personal Health Privacy Policy
Woman's Personal Health is dedicated to protecting your privacy when using our Web site. Please read this policy to understand how we collect and use information gathered through this Web site, and to understand your rights regarding these practices.PERSONAL INFORMATION COLLECTION & USAGE: The Woman's Personal Health only collects personal information from our visitors on a voluntary basis. Personal information may include name, title, company, address, phone number and similar information which identifies you. We collect this information so that you may obtain access to members-only portions of our Website and/or to receive Woman's Personal Health products and services. We do not sell or rent or transmit personal information to other organizations.However, some Woman's Personal Health events or services are co-sponsored or provided in connection with other companies not under the direct control of the Woman's Personal Health. These include seminars, educational events, conferences, newsletters, discussion groups, and similar services. Whenever we provide such services, we will disclose the name of our sponsor or provider and will disclose any Woman's Personal Health information collection and use practices which may differ from those practices set forth in this policy. Co-sponsors of Woman's Personal Health services and events may require registration information from you which will be used by the co-sponsor or its partners to contact you regarding such services or events. When signing up or registering for any such services or events where the Woman's Personal Health is not the sole sponsor and provider, you should be aware of any differing privacy practices by our partners and read all disclosures available to you. Though Woman's Personal Health makes reasonable efforts to only work with reputable partners, we cannot control their privacy practices in every instance regarding the personal information you voluntarily provide to them.AGGREGATE INFORMATION COLLECTION & USAGE: We may collect information from visitors to our Web site and users of our services in an aggregate, anonymous form, which means that the information will not contain nor be linked to any personal information. The Woman's Personal Health uses this information to measure the use of our Website and to improve the content of our Web site. Aggregate information may also be compiled based upon personal information. When this information is shared with a third party, it does not contain any personal information.CLICKSTREAM: As you use the Internet, a trail of electronic information is left at each web site you visit. This information, which is sometimes referred to as "clickstream data," can be collected and stored by a web site's server. Clickstream data can tell us the type of computer and browsing software you use and the address of the website from which you linked to the Web site. We may use clickstream data as a form of aggregate information to anonymously determine how much time visitors spend on each page of our Web site, how visitors navigate throughout the Website and how we may tailor our web pages to better meet the needs of visitors. This information may be used to improve our Web site or to share with business partners. Any collection or use of clickstream data will be anonymous and aggregate, and will not contain any personal information.CHANGES TO POLICY; OPT-OUT PROCESS: We reserve the right, at our discretion, to change, modify, add, or remove portions from this policy at any time. Your continued use of our Website following the posting of any changes to this policy means you accept such changes.However, if at any time in the future we plan to use personal information in a way that differs from this policy, we will provide you the opportunity to opt-out of such differing uses.By registering with the Website, you consent to receive information and updates on our services directly from the Woman's Personal Health. You may opt-out of such communications by sending an email to or by following unsubscribe procedures on the Website or promotional emails that you receive.COOKIES: "Cookies" are pieces of information that may be placed on your computer by a website for the purpose of facilitating and enhancing your communication and interaction with that website. Many websites use cookies for these purposes. We and any third parties that place materials on the Website may use cookies to customize your visit to the Website and for other purposes to make your visit more convenient or to enable us to enhance our service. You may stop or restrict the placement of cookies on your computer or flush them from your browser by adjusting your web browser preferences, in which case you may still use our Web site, but it may interfere with some of its functionality. We do not use cookies to retrieve information from your computer for purposes that are unrelated to the Website or your interaction with the Web site.OTHER WEB SITES: Our Website may contain links to other websites not maintained by the Woman's Personal Health including in connection with Woman's Personal Health co-sponsored events, publications, newsletters, and other services. Other websites may also reference or link to our Web site. Clicking a link on our Web site may bring you to a third party website. We encourage you to be aware when you leave our Website and to read the privacy statements of each and every web site that you visit. We are not responsible for the privacy practices or the content of such other websites.SECURITY: The security of your personal information is very important to us. We attempt to provide for the secure transmission of your information from your computer to our servers by utilizing encryption software. We have put in place appropriate physical, electronic, and managerial procedures to safeguard the information we collect. Only those employees who need access to your information in order to perform their duties are allowed access to your personal information. However, due to the inherent open nature of the Internet, we cannot guarantee that communications between you and the Woman's Personal Health, and the Woman's Personal Health and you, will be free from unauthorized access by third parties such as hackers and your use of the Website demonstrates your assumption of this risk. WEBSITE LEGAL DISCLAIMER: Use of this Web site is governed by the provisions contained in the Legal Disclaimer. Your use, or access, of the Website constitutes your agreement to be bound by these provisions. IF YOU DO NOT AGREE TO THESE TERMS AND CONDITIONS YOU MAY NOT ACCESS OR OTHERWISE USE THE WEBSITE.
Categories
Mastectomy Sleepwear and Loungewear
New Lymphediva Gauntlets
New Lymphediva Sleeves
Products By Manufacturer
Breast Forms
Mastectomy Bras
Immediate Post Mastectomy Products by Ladies First, Too Beautiful, Amoena, TruLife, Gentle Touch, LuisaLuisa & Wear Ease
Mastectomy Swimwear
Non Mastectomy Bras and Shapewear
Other New Products
Panties
Promotional Products
Prosthetic Nipples
Shapewear
Skin Care
Accessories
Camisoles For Everyday
Compression / Lymphedema
Exercise and Leisure Wear
Gift Certificates
Headwear, Turbans and Hat and Hair
Medical Support Garments
New Products
Night Sweat Pajamas
[ Home ] [ Useful Links ] [ Information ] [ FAQ ] [ Policies ] [ Feedback ] [ Products ] [ Privacy Policy ] [ Contact ] © Copyright 2000-2018 Women's Personal Health Post Mastectomy Products | Breast Forms | Mastectomy Bathing Suits Breast Prosthesis |  Amoena Bras | Mastectomy Swimwear Mastectomy/Mastectomy Bras | Mastectomy Bras Store | Plus Size Mastectomy Bras Post Mastectomy Bras | Amoena Mastectomy Bra | Sitemap