http://www.kelleeflowers.com.au/pages/privacy-policy
Home
Occasions
Anniversary
Birthday
Condolences
Congratulations
Get Well
New Baby
Romance
Weddings
Corporate
HomePrivacy Policy
Privacy Policy
Kellee Flowers is committed to protecting your privacy and developing technology that gives you the most powerful and safe online experience.
This Statement of Privacy applies to the Kellee Flowers Web site and governs data collection and usage.
By using the Kellee Flowers website, you consent to the data practices described in this statement.
Collection of your Personal Information
Kellee Flowers collects personally identifiable information, such as your e-mail address, name, home or work address or telephone number. Kellee Flowers also collects anonymous demographic information, which is not unique to you, such as your post code, age, gender, preferences, interests and favorites.
There is also information about your computer hardware and software that is automatically collected by https://kelleeflowers.com.au/. This information can include: your IP address, browser type, access times and referring Web site addresses. This information is used by Kellee Flowers for the operation of the service, to maintain quality of the service, and to provide general statistics regarding use of the Kellee Flowers Web site.
Use of Cookies
The Kellee Flowers Web site use "cookies" to help you personalize your online experience. A cookie is a text file that is placed on your hard disk by a Web page server. Cookies cannot be used to run programs or deliver viruses to your computer. Cookies are uniquely assigned to you, and can only be read by a web server in the domain that issued the cookie to you.
One of the primary purposes of cookies is to provide a convenience feature to save you time. The purpose of a cookie is to tell the Web server that you have returned to a specific page. For example, if you personalize https://kelleeflowers.com.au/ pages, or register with kelleeflowers.com.au site or services, a cookie helps https://kelleeflowers.com.au/ to recall your specific information on subsequent visits. This simplifies the process of recording your personal information, such as billing addresses, shipping addresses, and so on. When you return to the web site, the information you previously provided can be retrieved, so you can easily use the https://kelleeflowers.com.au/ features that you customized.
You have the ability to accept or decline cookies. Most Web browsers automatically accept cookies, but you can usually modify your browser setting to decline cookies if you prefer. If you choose to decline cookies, you may not be able to fully experience the interactive features of https://kelleeflowers.com.au/.
Changes to this Statement
Kellee Flowers will occasionally update this Statement of Privacy to reflect company and customer feedback and the law. Kellee Flowers encourages you to periodically review this Statement to be informed of how Kellee Flowers is protecting your information.
Use of your Personal Information
Kellee Flowers collects and uses your personal information to operate the Kellee Flowers Web site and deliver the services you have requested. Kellee Flowers also uses your personally identifiable information to inform you of other products or services available from Kellee Flowers. Kellee Flowers may also contact you via surveys to conduct research about your opinion of current services or of potential new services that may be offered.
Kellee Flowers does not sell, rent or lease its customer lists to third parties.
Kellee Flowers does not use or disclose sensitive personal information, such as race, religion, or political affiliations, without your explicit consent.
Kellee Flowers keeps track of the pages our customers visit within https://kelleeflowers.com.au/, in order to determine what Kellee Flowers services are the most popular. This data is used to deliver customized content and advertising within Kellee Flowers to customers whose behavior indicates that they are interested in a particular subject area.
Kellee Flowers Web sites will disclose your personal information, without notice, only if required to do so by law or in the good faith belief that such action is necessary to: (a) conform to the edicts of the law or comply with legal process served on Kellee Flowers or the site; (b) protect and defend the rights or property of Kellee Flowers; and, (c) act under exigent circumstances to protect the personal safety of users of https://kelleeflowers.com.au/, or the public.
Security of your Personal Information
Kellee Flowers secures your personal information from unauthorized access, use or disclosure. Kellee Flowers secures the personally identifiable information you provide on computer servers in a controlled, secure environment, protected from unauthorized access, use or disclosure. When personal information (such as a credit card number) is transmitted to other Web sites, it is protected through the use of encryption, such as the Secure Socket Layer (SSL) protocol (256 bit).
Contact Information
Kellee Flowers welcomes your comments regarding this Statement of Privacy. If you believe that Kellee Flowers has not adhered to this Statement, please contact Kellee Flowers at  sales@kelleeflowers.com.au We will use commercially reasonable efforts to promptly determine and remedy the problem.
Conditions of Use
Please Note: All product images are digital and are for illustration purposes only. Colours and shades may therefore vary from image/description.
BACK TO TOP
Added to cart successfully!
CONTINUE SHOPPING
VIEW CART
PROCEED TO CHECKOUT
Added to cart successfully!
QTY:
TOTAL:
There are
items in your cart
TOTAL:
CONTINUE SHOPPING
VIEW CART
PROCEED TO CHECKOUT
You have successfully subscribed!
Please login and you will add product to your wishlist
SIGN IN
REGISTER
x
x