https://www.isleep.com/privacy
Skip to content
800 219 3151
Facebook-f
SHOP NOW
HomeHealthAboutServiceContact Us
MenuHomeHealthAboutServiceContact Us
$0
Cart
Privacy StatementThank you for visiting www.iSleep.com (our “Site”). We appreciate the opportunity to interact with you on the Internet and are committed to protecting and safeguarding your privacy. The purpose of this Privacy Statement is to inform you about the types of information we might collect about you when you visit our Site, how we may use that information, whether we disclose it to anyone, and the choices you have regarding our use of, and your ability to correct, that information.What Information We Collect and How We Use ItAny information we collect on our Site generally falls into the following two categories: Personally Identifiable Information and Aggregate Information.Personally Identifiable Information: This refers to information that lets us know specifically who you are. In general, you can visit our Site without telling us who you are or revealing any Personally Identifiable Information. You may, however, voluntarily provide Personally Identifiable Information (such as name and e-mail address) for the purpose of contacting you via e-mail to respond to your comments or inquiries. In such event, we might maintain a record of your contact, including such Personally Identifiable Information, in a file specific to you. We use this information to provide better service in the event that you contact us again.Surveys and Promotional Activities – From time to time you may voluntarily provide Personally Identifiable Information to complete surveys and questionnaires or to participate in polls and personalized assessments. We use this information to improve our products and services. We may also use your Personally Identifiable Information to provide you newsletters and other marketing information we think would be of particular interest to you concerning things such as new product offers or Web site features. But we always give you the opportunity to let us know if you do not wish to receive unsolicited promotional materials from us, and we will make every reasonable effort to honor such requests.Aggregate Information: This refers to information that does not by itself identify you as a specific individual. Such information would include the Uniform Resource Locator (“URL”) of the Web site that referred you to our Site, your Internet Protocol (“IP”) address (a number automatically assigned to your computer whenever you surf the Web), your operating system and browser type, and any search terms that you enter on our Site. Our Web server aggregates this information in order to monitor the level of activity on our Site, evaluate its effectiveness, and improve the content of our Site in order to make your visit an easy and enjoyable experience.We may collect, compile, store, publish, promote, report, or otherwise disclose or use any Aggregate Information, provided that such information does not personally identify you. We do not correlate any Personally Identifiable Information with the Aggregate Information that we collect on our Site. If we do correlate any Aggregate Information to you, it will be protected like any other Personally Identifiable Information under this Privacy Statement.Sharing Your Information Except as disclosed in this Privacy Statement, we do not sell, trade, rent, or otherwise retransmit any Personally Identifiable Information we collect online unless we have your permission. The iSLEEP brand and this site are owned by iSleep, Inc., and any Personally Identifiable Information you provide to us will be stored in our databases in the United States.We may also share Personally Identifiable Information you provide online with other iSleep-related entities and/or business partners that provide services to iSleep. Where we engage third-party agents or contractors to perform services on our Site, we will require them also to observe the intent of this Privacy Statement.From time to time, we may be required to provide Personally Identifiable Information in response to court order, subpoena, or government investigation. We also reserve the right to report to law enforcement agencies any activities that we in good faith believe to be unlawful. We may release Personally Identifiable Information when we believe that such release is reasonably necessary to enforce or apply our Terms of Use or to protect the rights, property, and safety of others and ourselves.iSleep or its related entities could merge with or be acquired by another business entity, or their respective assets could be acquired. Should such a merger or acquisition occur, you should expect that we would share some or all of your Personally Identifiable Information to companies serving you and other users of our Site.Your ChoicesYour permission is always secured first. We will not use or share the Personally Identifiable Information collected on our Site in ways unrelated to the purpose for which you provided the information, including those described above, without providing you a choice whether to permit any such unrelated uses.Accessing and Correcting Your InformationWe take reasonable measures to ensure that any Personally Identifiable Information we collect on our Site is accurate, current, complete, and reliable for its intended use. If you wish to update or otherwise correct Personally Identifiable Information you have provided to us, please contact us as described in the “Contact Us” section, below.Protecting Your InformationWe acknowledge your trust and are committed to take reasonable steps to protect Personally Identifiable Information you provide online from loss, misuse, and unauthorized access. We employ physical, electronic, and managerial processes to safeguard and secure your information.Links To Other Web SitesLinks to third-party Web sites may be provided solely for your information and convenience. If you use these links, you will leave our Site. This Privacy Statement does not cover the information practices of those Web sites linked to our Site, nor do we control their content or privacy policies. We suggest that you carefully review the privacy policies of each site you visit.Children’s Privacy ProtectionWe take special care to protect the privacy needs of children under the age of 13 and encourage parents to be an active participant in their child’s online activities. We abide by the requirements of the Children’s Online Privacy Protection Act (COPPA) and other relevant laws. Our Site does not target and is not intended for children under the age of 13, and we will not knowingly collect Personally Identifiable Information from them. If we discover personal data from a child through our Site, we will eliminate that data.Changes To This StatementAny updates or changes to the terms of this Privacy Statement will be posted here on our Site, and the date of the newest version posted below. Please check back frequently, especially before you submit any Personally Identifiable Information at our Site, to see if this Privacy Statement has changed.By using our Site, you acknowledge acceptance of this Privacy Statement in effect at the time of use.Contact UsIf you have any concerns about our use of your information or about this Privacy Statement, please send an e-mail to customerservice@isleep.com, or call 1.800.219.3151. We will make every reasonable effort to address your concerns and remedy any problems you bring to our attention. MAILING ADDRESS
PO Box 57220 Lincoln, NE 68505
800-219-3151
402-470-3135iSleep is a DBA of The Natural Bed Store, inc.FACTORY SHOWROOM
& OFFICE
5625 “O” Street, Suite 100 Lincoln, NE 68510Office and ShowroomMon-Fri: 9AM – 5PM CSTShowroom Open Sat: 10AM – 1PM CST Sun: Closed
DELIVERY
Standard shipping is 3-7 business days after the 24hour processing time.
Priority Shipping is 3-4 business days to most locations in the U.S.
Shipping times can increase with White Glove Delivery due to scheduling of additional personnel.
Shipping times can increase outside of the U.S. because of customs that we can not control.
Scroll to Top