http://www.hbdirect.com/privacy.php
Your Basket
Order Total : $33.72
Show Basket
Checkout
Search:
1 800 222 6872
My Account
|
My wishlist |
My Cart |
More
Institutional Accounts
FAQs
Contact Us
Classical
Jazz
More
Home
Blues
World Music
R&B/Hip-Hop
Rock
Country
Folk
Gospel
New Age
Oldies
Soundtracks
Comedy
x
Cajun
Children's
Comedy
Country
Easy Listening
Electronic
Environmental
Folk
Gospel
Instrumental
New Age
Oldies
Original Cast
Rock & Pop
Soundtracks
Spoken Word
Test Discs
Privacy Policy Statement
At HBDirect.com, we know privacy is important to you, and it's important to us, too. We are committed to being transparent and candid about how we treat and protect your personal information. Please take a moment to review our Privacy Policy and learn about how we are working hard to ensure that your personal information remains private.
Accepting the Privacy Policy
To provide you with efficient delivery of the widest selection of classical and jazz music in the U.S., we need to process a required amount of your personal information. By using HBDirect.com, you accept the Terms & Conditions and the Privacy Policy (jointly referred to as the "Terms"). By creating an Account or by making any purchase through HBDirect.com, you are required to agree to and accept the Terms. By accepting the Terms, you are confirming that you have read and accept the Privacy Policy and understand how we process, retain, and utilize your personal information. If you do not accept the Privacy Policy or do not wish for HBDirect.com to collect or process your personal information in the ways described below, please discontinue your use of the site and services.
HBDirect.com does not sell products to children. If you are under 18 years old, you must be accompanied by a parent or legal guardian to place orders on HBDirect.com. By accepting our Terms & Conditions and Privacy Policy, you confirm that you are 18 or older. You are responsible for any and all account activity conducted by a minor on your account.
By using HBDirect.com, you acknowledge that we will use your information to process orders and provide you with the optimal shopping experience.
Information We Collect
To properly and efficiently process your purchases on HBDirect.com, we need to collect information to enable order payments and shipments. You can choose what information to provide in certain circumstances, but in order to perform certain services, there is sometimes information which is required for the delivery of those purchases or services.
Creating an Account: To set up your account on HBDirect.com, we ask for a valid email address, a password, and a confirmation of both. On the "My Account" link, you can modify the information provided at any time.
User Account: To set up an account on HBDirect.com, you need only provide your name and an email address / password pair for login purposes. You can edit or remove this information through the "My Account" link. You can view your past orders by clicking on the "List My Orders" link through the "My Account" link. This provides users with an overview of their orders, and by following the link for each one, the product details and status of merchandise ordered.
What About Cookies?: A cookie is an alphanumeric identifier that is transferred to your computer's hard drive through your web browser. A cookie enables our system to recognize your browser and allows us to keep your session intact on HBDirect.com. This means, for example, that we can keep track of items you've placed in your shopping cart while you continue to look for other products throughout the site. We will never use cookies to retrieve information from your computer that did not originate from HBDirect.com.
When You Make a Purchase: If you place an order through HBDirect.com, we need to collect certain information to enable shipments, payments, and order history retrieval. This includes your credit card number and expiration date, the billing address associated with that credit card, the shipping address, any gift message you provide, an email address so that we can keep you up to date with the status of your order, and optionally, a telephone number. In addition, we retain information about the products you purchase so that we can answer your questions about past orders, suggest to you products relevant to your preferences and for marketing analysis so that we can better understand our customers and their preferences.
Information to Third Parties: We do not share your phone number with any third party. We do share limited personal information with third parties for the following purposes: to our affiliate warehouse for order fulfillment, to payment processors, and if you have opted-in to receive email notifications of special promotions, to our third-party email marketing partner. If at any time you no longer wish to receive promotional emails you can click the "Unsubscribe" link in the footer of all such communications. Additionally, we may share anonymized data with a third-party marketing analyst to better understand our customer base and improved our product offerings. We do not authorize any of our third-party partners to use your data for any purpose other than delivering the services they are contractually engaged to deliver to us.
Editing Your Information
We know it's important that you have control over the information you have provided. You will find options for changing your billing and shipping address(es) as well as for removing any no longer needed addresses from links on your main "My Account" page.
You can opt to remove yourself from our promotional emails by clicking the "Unsubscribe" link in the footer of any of our promotional emails. HBDirect will net send promotional email unless a customer specifically opts in to receive it. You can opt in to our email lists or unsubscribe from the email list if you'd like to discontinue your receipt of our occasional newsletters. Please note that some messages are required, service-related messages regarding your orders or other requests made through the website (i.e. transactional messages, shipment notices, or legal notices).
You can edit and replace your email from the "My Account" link. Note, in order to maintain an active account with HBDirect.com, a valid email address must be provided by all users. You can also remove optional information you wish to no longer have as a part of your profile through the "My Account" link. Please note that while any changes you make will be reflected in active user databases instantly or within a reasonable period of time, we may retain all information you submit for backups, archiving, prevention of fraud and abuse, analytics, satisfaction of legal obligations, or where we otherwise reasonably believe that we have a legitimate reason to do so.
You may decline to share certain personal data with us, in which case, we may not be able to provide to you some of the features and functionality of the HBDirect.com service.
If you would like to inquire about removing your account, please send a request to staff@hbdirect.com. Please note that we may need to maintain certain information for backups, archiving, preventions of fraud and abuse, analytics, satisfaction of legal obligations, or where we otherwise reasonably believe that we have a legitimate reason to do so.
Messages from HBDirect.com
HBDirect may occasionally need to contact you. As examples, to verify information with your order, or if a shipment made to you is returned to us, or if payment for an order cannot be collected. Generally, this communication is through email. If you have provided one, we may also reach out to you by telephone.
When you subscribe to our promotional emails, we ask for a name and valid email. By subscribing, you are opting-in to receiving featured promotions and sales notifications. If at any time you wish to unsubscribe from one of our promotional email lists, click the "unsubscribe" option at the bottom of every promotional email or send a request to staff@hbdirect.com.
Uses of Information, Sharing, and Disclosure
When you use the services provided on or make purchases through HBDirect.com, we collect, use, and process your personal information as previously described in this privacy policy. We rely on a number of legal basis to utilize your information, including:
Where necessary to perform the contractual obligations in our Terms & Conditions and to provide services and products to you;
Where you have consented to the utilization by opting-in to email newsletters, accessing HBDirect.com, which can be revoked at any time;
Where you have consented to the utilization based upon making purchases or creating an account;
Where information of legal transactions between you and HBDirect.com is necessary for any civil claims or other litigation;
Where necessary in the public interest; and
Where necessary to allow for the IRS to audit tax forms, as further outlined below.
Note: HBDirect.com will never send email marketing if the user has not opted in to receiving those electronic communications.
The Internal Revenue Service ("IRS") has the right to audit our tax returns for a period of three years after the tax returns are filed. That time period can be extended for a period of six years if the IRS determines that we have omitted some income on those tax returns. Additionally, there is a possibility that we may not know whether we have omitted income or not until after an audit is concluded. Based on this possibility, we have adopted the general rule of retaining our documents for seven years to encompass the entire possible six year audit period, plus an extra year to the extent that those documents may become necessary after an audit has concluded. Because of the possibility of a federal audit, we retain documents for seven years to ensure that we fully comply with the IRS's right to audit our records.
When we process your information on the basis of a legitimate interest, we do so for the following reasons:
Providing and improving upon our services;
Keeping our services safe and secure;
Processing payment information for transactions;
Processing shipping information for fulfillment; and
Maintaining records for legal purposes.
Legal: HBDirect.com may retain, preserve, or release your personal information to third parties in certain, limited situations. These situations include: in response to lawful requests by a public authority; in response to legitimate national security or law enforcement requests or requirements; to protect, establish, or exercise our legal rights in the defense of legal claims; in compliance with a court order or some other legal requirement; or when we believe in good faith the action is required by law.
In the event that HBDirect.com receives a request under one of the above situations, a user's personal information may be disclosed to a third-party. Such personal information includes, but is not limited to, an account holder's name, address, phone number, and email address.
Protecting Your Information
HBDirect takes extraordinary care to handle all of your personal information securely. When you submit your personal information on the HBDirect.com website, it is encrypted using Secure Sockets Layer software while being transferred. It is then stored on a server that is behind a firewall, and not connected to the internet. We take the same measures while transmitting your information to a third-party regulated processor for payment authorization and settlement.
Your account is also protected by a password. Please use caution in protecting your password and preventing unauthorized access to your account information.
Unfortunately, no method of transmission over the internet of information or of storage of information is 100% secure. We strive to protect your personal, private information, but we cannot absolutely guarantee its security. In the case of a major breach of personal information, it is our policy to notify all registered users of the event as soon as possible, with an explanation provided as to the nature and extent of the breach.
Retention
HBDirect.com retains your personal information for only as long as necessary to fulfill our requirements under the law, as long as your account is active (i.e. as long as you have an account with HBDirect.com), and to satisfy performance as outlined in this policy.
If you no longer want HBDirect.com to user your information, you may elect to close your account. In the event that you opt to close your account, HBDirect.com will retain your information to the extent necessary to satisfy our legal requirements, resolve disputes, enforce our agreements, or as otherwise provided. To inquire about removal of your account, please send a request to staff@hbdirect.com.
Rights of the Use
As outlined above, you can edit or limit the personal information you provide to HBDirect.com in most situations. Upon request, HBDirect.com will provide you with information regarding the retention of your personal information, account, and order history. We will provide you with a copy of your personal information that has been provided to HBDirect.com in an easily accessible format and in a timely manner. You have the right stipulate the means by which HBDirect.com contacts you regarding certain information, as outlined above.
If we process your information based on legitimate legal reasons, as outlined in the "Uses of Information, Sharing, and Disclosure" section, you can object to the processing of such information in certain circumstances. In such an event, HBDirect.com will cease the processing and utilization of your personal information, unless there is a compelling reason for HBDirect.com to continue processing your information or for other legal reasons.
For any promotional emails or other email marketing, you can always object to your continued receipt of such information by clicking the "unsubscribe" button found at the bottom of the emails.
Duty of the User
Remember, it is your duty to keep your confidential personal information, private. You should keep your passwords protected and comply with all relevant legal requirements when you use HBDirect.com.
Withdrawing Your Consent
If you no longer wish to give your consent in regards to this Privacy Policy, you can withdraw your consent by removing your account and discontinuing your use of HBDirect.com. Additionally, you can remove yourself from email marketing by clicking the "Unsubscribe" button at the bottom of our promotional emails. http://www.aboutads.info/choices/
or http://www.optout.networkadvertising.org/
For EU/EEA-based individuals:
http://www.youronlinechoices.eu/
For individuals based in any other global region:
please visit https://www.oracle.com/legal/privacy/privacy-policy.html, which includes additional links to opt-out tools.
If you'd like to have HBDirect.com delete your personal information, please send an email to staff@hbdirect.com. HBDirect.com will delete your personal information, except any information that we are required to retain.
CCPA Addendum
Residents of California have specific rights that may be in addition to those described above which result from the California Consumer Privacy Act (CCPA), adopted in 2020. Broadly speaking, residents of California have the right to access their personal information, request that it not be sold and that is be deleted if they desire. Additionally, consumers must not experience discriminatory treatment from a business for exercising their rights under the CCPA.
Published Updates
Occasionally, this Privacy Policy and our Terms & Conditions may be updated. If we determine those changes are material to your continued use, we will notify you either by posting a message on our website or by sending you an email notifying you of the changes to the policies. Check back regularly to be notified of any updates.
Contact
If you have any questions or concerns regarding the HBDirect Privacy Policy or Terms & Conditions, please contact us at staff@hbdirect.com.
You can reach us by telephone during our business hours at 1/800/222-6872.
Privacy Policy last updated: 5/22/2018
New Recommendations
Danish String Q...
Wood Works
$15.99 $13.29
Cheyenne Jackso...
West Side Story
$22.99 $19.87
Adriano (Conduc...
Bernard Herrmann: Jane Eyre
$13.97 $11.24
Joey + Rory
A Farmhouse Christmas [Digipak]
$18.99 $16.98
Mark O'Connor (...
An Appalachian Christmas [Digipak]
$21.99 $18.87
Andre Rieu
Forever Vienna
$18.99 $16.14
Various Artists
The Golden Age of Light Music: Light and Lively
$11.99 $9.97
Renee Fleming
Dark Hope [Digipak]
$21.99 $18.87
Cincinnati Pops...
Vintage Cinema
$19.99 $16.97
William T. Stro...
Film Music Classics - Salter, Dessau / Stromberg, Moscow Sy...
$13.97 $11.24
Leroy Anderson ...
Leroy Anderson: Orchestral Favourites
$13.97 $11.24
Dame Edna Evera...
Prokofiev: Peter and the Wolf *
$13.97 $11.24
Erich Kunzel (C...
Chiller
$11.49 $9.87
Cincinnati Pops...
Hollywood's Greatest Hits, Vol. 1
$11.49 $9.87
Erich Kunzel (C...
Star Tracks
$11.49 $9.87
Original Soundt...
My Fair Lady [Original Soundtrack] [Bonus Tracks]
$16.99 $14.24
John Williams (...
Guitar Concertos
$27.99 $23.74
Denver Brass
Brass Cats: Brass Music of Chris Hazell
$18.99 $16.14
Classical Music CDs |
Jazz Music CDs |
Blues CDs |
International Music CDs
Beethoven CDs |
Mozart CDs |
Hiphop CDs |
Opera CDs |
More genres |
Conditions of Use |
Privacy Policy Statement |
Sitemap
© 2000-2020 HBDirect.com, LLC. All rights reserved.