http://www.peacefrogs.com/privacypolicy
T-Shirts
Adult Short Sleeve T-Shirts Adult Long Sleeve T-Shirts Womens Youth Clothing Toddler Clothing Infant Clothing
Comfy Wear
Sweatshirts Loungewear
Lifestyle
Holiday Gifts Hats Accessories Stickers Fun Stuff Festival Events
Themes
Causes Retro Humorous T-Shirts Inspirational T-Shirts Psychedelic T-Shirts Sports / Hobby T-Shirts Environmental T-Shirts For Those Who Serve Womens Style Shirts Wild Tree / Tree of Life Organic Cotton Shirts Tie Dyes Good Karma Rest In Peace Right On Wander Beach and Sea Fourty Acres
Peace Dogs
Chesapeake Tides
Beyond the Pond
Home/privacypolicy
Your Privacy Rights
Peace Frogs Online has created this privacy statement in order to demonstrate our firm commitment to privacy, describe the information we collect and how we use it. We appreciate your trust, and we are committed to respecting your privacy and the security of your personal information.
We always welcome your questions and feedback. For privacy-related issues, please contact us at:
Peace Frogs
7546 John Clayton Memorial Highway
Gloucester VA 23061
Call: 1.804.695.1314
Email us at: mail.order@peacefrogs.org
The following discloses the information gathering and dissemination practices for Peace Frogs Online.
Billing Methods, Terms & Conditions
Information We Collect
We may collect information (including name, address, telephone number, email address, transaction information, credit card information and date of birth) when you:
Place an order on our Website or over the phone
Make a purchase at one of our stores (we do not require personal information, such as zip, name, address or email, as a condition of accepting payment by credit or debit card)
Sign up for the Peace Frogs email newsletter
Return an item or make an exchange
Request a catalog
Receive a gift package
Create an account at peacefrogs.com
Enter a contest or sweepstakes
Are referred to us through a marketing promotion
Participate in a marketing survey, promotion or event
We maintain the data that you provide us, along with a record of your purchases, in a secure database. We also gather information about how visitors navigate through our Web site by using clickstream data gathered with "cookies" and other online tools such as "pixel tags."
Using Information We Collect
To provide you with the best possible online shopping experience at peacefrogs.com and best fulfill your orders, we collect information that allows us to:
Process and track your order
Contact you about the status of an order
Send you catalogs or Peace Frogs email newsletters
Improve our merchandise selection and customer service
Advertising, Cookies & Pixel Tags
Peace Frogs may use outside ad companies to display ads for our site. These ads may contain cookies. A cookie is a small data file stored by your Web browser on your computer. Cookies enable you to place an order on our Website. They also allow us to enhance and personalize your online shopping experience, so the information you receive is more relevant to you.
For example, we use cookies to:
Remember what items are in your Shopping Bag
Recognize you when you return to our Website
Enable faster checkout, if you have a member account at peacefrogs.com
Deliver personalized marketing from Peace Frogs
We also use pixel tags (small graphic images) – to tell us what parts of our website you have visited or to measure the effectiveness of any searches you may do on our site.
We also contract with third party advertising companies to serve ads on our behalf across the Internet. To do this, they will collect anonymous information about your visits to our Web site and your interaction with our products and services. They may also use information about your visits to this and other Web sites to target advertisements. These targeted advertisements may appear on other sites that you visit. This anonymous information is collected through the use of a cookie or pixel tag – industry standard technology used by most major Websites. No personally identifiable information is collected in this process. To opt-out of this type of messaging, please click here.
External Links
Peace Frogs Online contains links to other sites. Peace Frogs Online is not responsible for the privacy practices or the content of such Web sites.
Security
Peace Frogs Online has security measures in place to protect the loss, misuse, and alteration of the information under our control. All orders processed on peacefrogs.com are transmitted through SSL (Secure Socket Layer) on a secured server guaranteeing that your credit card information will be protected.
Children’s Guidelines
If you are 13 years or younger, you must obtain written parental/guardian permission to submit ANY information on Peace Frogs OnLine. This permission can be submitted either by e-mail from the parent/guardian to mail.order@peacefrogs.org.
Choice - Opt-Out
The personal information you have provided us and information about your order may be shared with third parties. This information may be combined with other personally identifiable information (such as demographic information and past purchase information) available from our records and other sources. This information will be used to make our future marketing efforts more efficient. It may also be used by our marketing partners to bring you offers of interest. If you prefer we do not share your name and address with marketing partners, please email us at mail.order@peacefrogs.org. If you agreed to receive email from our marketing partners, we will share with them your email address and the information described above, so they can send you offers for products and services that may be of interest to you. We will only share your e-mail address if you have opted in by checking the box on the registration page. Additionally, each email our partners send you will include a description of the simple opt out process to enable you to stop receiving future e-mail.
Data Quality/Access
This site gives users the following options for changing and modifying information previously provided: You can send email to mail.order@peacefrogs.org.
Contact Peace Frogs
If you have any questions about this privacy statement, the practices of this site, or your dealings with this Web site, you can contact: mail.order@peacefrogs.org.
»Email Gift Certificates
»Stocking Stuffers
»Peace Frogs Gifts for Her
»Peace Frogs Gifts for Him
»Gift Ideas Under Five Dollars
»Gift Ideas Five to Ten Dollars
»Gift Ideas Ten to Twenty Dollars
»Gift Ideas Twenty to Forty Dollars
»Gift Ideas Over Forty Dollars
»Retro Designs
»Causes
»Humorous T-Shirts
»Inspirational T-Shirts
»Psychedelic T-Shirts
»Sports / Hobby T-Shirts
»Environmental T-Shirts
»For Those Who Serve
Our Gift to You!
Download Positively Peaceful, absolutely FREE Wallpaper!
»Download Now
Refer a StoreIf you have a store in mind that currently does not carry Peace Frogs but you think should, give a call to 1-804-695-1314 and let us know, or fill out this form.
Charitable Efforts
Part of the Peace Frogs mindset is a commitment to give back to the environment and to our community as a whole.
Entrepreneurs WantedPeace Frogs offers selected individuals the opportunity to own a Peace Frogs store or VW Van kiosk. Learn more...