https://www.r2sports.com/privacy-policy.asp
Last Updated: 5/3/2020
R2sports (R2 Sports All Tournament Pro Software) web applications and apps are
designed to be used for registration of participants in a sports tournament/event
and as a tournament/event management system and designed for fans, parents and
competitors to get event information. We want you to feel comfortable on how
we collect and use the registration and event information.
R2sports has created this privacy statement in order to demonstrate our firm commitment to privacy. The following discloses are information gathering and dissemination practices for these web site domains: www.R2sports.com, www.AllTournamentPro.com.
If you feel that this company is not abiding by its posted privacy policy,
you should contact the site administrator by emailing the Site Coordinator at Customer
Support.
Information Collection and Use:
R2sports collects registration and personal information for software application use by R2sports, the sanctioning organization of the event if applicable, and
event directors. R2 Sports will not sell, share,
or rent this information to others in ways different from what is disclosed
in this statement.
If authorized by you, we may also access profile and other
information from services like Twitter, Facebook, and other social media sites. We may keep data indefinitely since it could be linked to a tournament, league,
challenge ladder, event, or an association membership system.R2 Sports and the sanctioning organization co-own the data collected.
Each organization may have its own privacy policy outside of R2 Sports, R2 Sports does not control how the information is handled by the organization.
Scraping / Web Crawling:
R2sports generates data from players, directors, match
results, and rankings. Without written permission, 3rd parties are prohibited
from creating a robot to scrape data from R2sports for the purpose of
displaying it on another site. Any
unauthorized robot that continually hits the R2sports server and affects system
resources will be blocked, and further legal action may proceed depending on if
the robot drains the system resources which slows down other users.
Registration:
The registration processes used on this web site are used for collecting the information your event director requires for you to participate in a sports tournament/event. R2sports does not use or track this information for any purpose. Electronic copies of this information may be sent to designated persons/event directors, for the purpose of ongoing event activities. R2sports, at your organizations request, archives a copy of this information on our secure server for use in future tournament/events. If you do not wish to have your information archived you should contact your organization and request that your information be deleted from the database.
Cookies:
A cookie is a piece of data stored on the user's hard drive containing information
about the user. R2sports does not use cookies when registration forms are being
completed. However, cookies are used when an authorized tournaments/event official
is using their respective database management system. A cookie is set on the tournaments/event
officials’ computer for security measures to prevent unauthorized access
to the system. The cookie expires after 14 days. No information is collected
from this user's computer. Our system also logs data like your operating system,
browser, and IP address.
Log Files and Data Collection:
We store IP addresses for purposes of tracking fraudulent registration for a
sports activity and for tracking activity history for players, directors, and
administrators. We use Google Analyticsmay which will access anonymous data
(such as your IP address or device ID) to help us understand how our site and
apps are used. They do not share it except in aggregate form; no data is shared
as to any individual user.
Sharing
R2sports does not share personal identifiable information with 3rd party companies.
However, directors, sport organization commissioners, and administrators will
have access to your personal profile date in case they need to contact you for
an event or regarding a membership. We do not allow advertisers to collect personal
information through our website or apps for ad targeting.
Links
This web site may contain links to other sites. R2sports does screen our recommended links, however, please be aware that R2sports is not responsible for the privacy practices of such other sites, We encourage our users to be aware when they leave our site and to read the privacy statements of each and every web site that collects personally identifiable information. This privacy statement applies solely to information collected by this Web site.
Surveys & Contests
From time-to-time our site requests information from users via surveys. Participation in these surveys is completely voluntary and the user therefore has a choice whether or not to disclose this information. Survey information will be used for purposes of monitoring or improving the use and satisfaction of this site.
Security
This web site takes every precaution to protect the user's information. All
our information is protected both online and off-line. All transactions, where
sensitive information is collected, are protected by the highest levels of security
and encryption available.
When our registration forms ask users to enter sensitive information (such
as credit card number, bank information), that information is encrypted and
is protected with the best encryption software in the industry - Secure Socket
Layer (SSL). While on a secure page, such as our registration forms and payment
forms, the lock icon on the bottom of Web browsers becomes locked, as opposed
to un-locked, or open, when you are just "surfing".
If you have any questions about the security at our web site, you can send
an email to Customer
Support.
Special Offers
Established organizations will occasionally receive information about our site and services, as well as special promotional offerings. This information is only sent to designated organization representatives and not to users or registrants of an organization.
Notification of Changes
If we decide to change our privacy policy we will post those changes on our Homepage so our users are always aware of what information we collect, how we use it, and under circumstances, if any, we disclose it. If at any point we decide to use personally identifiable information in a manner different from that stated at the time it was collected, we will notify on officer of your organization by way of an email. Users will have a choice as to whether or not we use their information in this different manner. We will use information in accordance with the privacy policy under which the information was collected.
Choice/Opt-Out
Our site does communicate directly with users or registrants, and communicates
with designated organization/event officials. If an organization/event/user
wishes to limit or no longer receive communications from us they may either
opt out by clicking on the link in the email, or send a request to Customer
Support
Correct/Update
You can sign into your R2 Sports profile to see any personally identifiable
information we have stored, such as your name, email, address or phone number.
You can also contact us by email if you have trouble logging in to see this
information. If you wish to change, update or delete any information you entered
in this system, update your profile as you are registering for the next event,
or login to the membership
system and manage your profile.
Contacting Website Support
If you have any questions about this privacy statement, the practices of this site, or your
dealings with this Web site, you may contact:
Customer Support