https://www.tapplastics.com/about/privacy
Contact Us
Track My Order
My Account
Register
Login
Cart
Checkout
Shop by Department
Cut-to-Size
Plastics
All Plastics
Cut-to-Size Plastic
Acrylic & Plastic Picture Frames
Acrylic and Plastic Cleaner
Acrylic Circles
Acrylic Hinges, Handles & Latches
Large Acrylic Plastic Boxes
Personal Protection Equipment
Plastic Boxes and Containers
Plastic Brochure Holders
Plastic Display Stands
Plastic Organizers
Plastic Podiums & Lecterns
Plastic Rods, Tubes & Shapes
Plastic Sheets & Rolls
Unique Plastic Gifts
Adhesive / Repair
All Adhesive / Repair
Adhesives, Glues & Sealants
Double-Sided Velcro and Removable Mounting Tape
Fiberglass Repair
Foam & Insulation Materials
Plastic Adhesives
Plastic Repair
Fiberglass / Resins
All Fiberglass / Resins
Books & DVDs
Carbon Fiber Rolls and Specialty Fabrics
Epoxy Plastic Fillers and Resin Dyes
Epoxy Resins
Fiberglass Fabrics
Fiberglass Gel Coat
Fiberglass Polishes & Waxes
Mold Releases
Polyester Plastic Resins
Mold Making / Casting Resins
All Mold Making / Casting Resins
Modeling Materials
Mold Making Materials and Supplies
Resin Casting Molds and Products
Sculpture Materials and Supplies
Supplies & Tools
All Supplies & Tools
Fiberglass Application Supplies and Tools
Plastic Fabrication Tools
Window Films
All Window Films
Window Tint Films
Window Film Supplies & Tools
Laser Cut Letters / Signage
About TAP Plastics
Privacy Policy
Privacy Policy
At TAP Plastics Incorporated, we are committed to protecting your privacy. We use the information we collect about you to process orders only. Please read on for more details about our privacy policy.
What information do we collect? How do we use it?
When you order, we need to know your name, e-mail address, phone number, mailing address, credit card number, and expiration date. This allows us to process and fulfill your order and to notify you of your order status.
How do we protect customer information?
When you place orders, we provide the use of a secure server. The secure server software (SSL) encrypts the information you input before it is sent to the Web server. We then retrieve all orders using an encrypted connection, ensuring the safety of your personal information. Credit card information is sent directly to the appropriate credit card company during order processing and not retained. All customer data we collect is protected against unauthorized access.
Will we disclose the information to outside parties?
TAP Plastics Incorporated does not sell, trade, or rent your personal information to others. This information is for our private records only.
By using our Web site, you consent to the collection and use of this information by TAP Plastics Incorporated. If we decide to change our privacy policy, we will post those changes on this page so that you are always aware of what information we collect and how we use it.
Effective June 22, 2006
How To
TAP Instructional Videos