http://www.theinsoleman.com/privacy.php
Privacy Statement
Privacy |
Contact |
About |
FAQ |
Products |
Search |
Help |
Your Account |
Tell A-Friend |
International Shipping |
Tradebank |
Link To Us |
View Cart |
Home
Daily Specials Click Here
What Size to Order?
Bioflex® Magnetic Orthotic
BioFlex® Flat insole
Spenco® Orthotics Full
Spenco ™ Q Factor Insole
Spenco® Orthotics 3/4
Spenco® Cross Trainer
Spenco® Walker Runner
Spenco® Arch Cushions Full
Spenco® Arch Cushions 3/4
Spenco® IronMan® Insoles
Spenco® ThinSole™ 3/4More Quick Links
Your Account
What Size to Order?
Cart Problems
Returns Policy
Return Request
Shipping Rates
Size Chart
Military Shipping
Site Map
Related Links
We carry the following items.
Orthotic, insole, polbsorb insole, magnetic insole, arch cushion, heel supports, slip-in insole, blister pad, 2nd skin first aid product, self sealing cut closures, quick heel, scargel, blister kits, bed pads, wheel chair pads, foot pillows, hypoallergenic support bandages, ankle bandages, knee bandages, wrist bandages, elbow supports, wrist supports, ankle supports, burn pads, metatarsal arch cushion, heel cushion, gel cushion insole, adjustable arch insole.
If you see this notice, JavaScript is not enabled in your browser
To benefit fully from all of the website`s functionalityJavascript and Browser Cookies must be enabled.If your browser's cookies are disabled, you will not be able to login to the site. You will not be able to navigate this site correctly or make any purchases using our cart.No Buttons Will Work
For Help Click Here
How to use our Site.
If you are having problem enter items in the cart see the below links.                   I need help with the shopping cart, the buttons are not working?  Click HereAre you seeing this message? " If you just added a product to your cart but you get this 'Cart Empty' screen"  Click Here
Privacy Policy
Theinsoleman.com is committed to protecting your privacy. That is because we base our business on the trust you place in us. This policy describes our practices regarding personal and account information collected through our Web site. In this policy, "personal and account information" means your name, company name, account number, address, telephone number, and e-mail address plus other information that personally identifies you, and your purchase history, and "we" and "us" means Theinsoleman.com  DBA Money Matters Inc.
We will periodically review the privacy policy and may make, in our discretion, such changes as are necessary. If we decide to change this privacy policy, we will post those changes here so that you will always know what information we gather, how we use that information.
What personal and account information does Theinsoleman.com collect?The amount and type of personal and account information we collect from you depends on your activities and use of our Web site. Below, we explain what information we collect.
When you browse our Web siteIP address - We collect your IP address to measure our Web site traffic and to help provide a relevant shopping experience. Referral Web site. If you come to our Web site via a link, we collect the location of the link that referred you. Browser type. We collect information about the browser you are using to help optimize our Web site for visitors. Movements through our Web site. We keep track of pages you visit to help provide you with a more personalized shopping experience.
When you make purchases through our Web site We collect your name, address and payment information to process your order. However, you may provide credit card and purchase order numbers by telephone.  We collect information contained in “cookies,” such as your purchases and log in data, to personalize your shopping experience. Your browser must be set to accept cookies if you wish to add items to a shopping cart.
When you create Account on our Web site We collect your user name, password, e-mail adress. We use your email address to identify you as the account user if you have forgotten your password. You can help us ensure your privacy by not sharing your user name or password.
When you communicate with us through our Web siteWe collect your e-mail address and the other information that you provide in order to respond to your communication.
When you enter contests, participate in surveys, or register for other activities on our Web siteWe collect your name, e-mail address and telephone number, and the other information that is required for entry or participation, which varies depending on the activity.
Is my personal or account information used for any other purpose?We may use your personal and account information to provide products or services you have requested, respond to a communication from you, contact you, and as otherwise described in this policy.
We may occasionally send you promotional or product information. If you do not wish to receive promotional or product information, you may opt out of future communications by following the instructions in the e-mail communication or contacting customer service.
If you become our customer, we may send you updates on important information about our company and services.
Will my personal and account information be disclosed to any other party?We restrict access to your personal and account information to those who need access to use it as set forth in this policy. Only authorized personnel are permitted to see your Account password. Your other personal and account information may be disclosed to third parties in limited circumstances. For example, we may disclose your personal and account information to respond to subpoenas, court orders, or other legal process, as required by law, or to establish or exercise our legal rights or defend against legal claims. Your personal and account information may also be disclosed in connection with a sale of some or all of our business or a merger with another company.
How do you protect my personal and account information?We use 128-bit encryption technology and Secure Socket Layers (“SSL”) in all areas where your personal and account information is required. Our Web site is certified by Thawte, which verifies that our Web site is authentic and that we use SSL security. To view our Thawte certificate, click on the image of the closed lock or the solid key at the bottom of your browser window. Our Web site security information will appear.
In addition, your personal and account information and transaction history are kept behind a firewall on our servers. All transaction information is processed under encrypted channels.
How can I give you feedback or contact you?Simply click here.
AcceptanceBy using our Web site you consent to the collection, use and disclosure of your personal and account information as provided in this privacy policy.
It is our policy to never reveal or sell your personal information for any reason other than required by law.
We will only contact you concerning your order or to notify you of any sale we may be having which is 3 or 4 time a year.
We value our privacy as you do your's but more than that we value your business and will never do anything to betray your trust.
You have my word on it.
Jr Dorsey
CEO Theinsoleman.com
If you see this notice, JavaScript is not enabled in your browser
To benefit fully from all of the website`s functionalityJavascript and Browser Cookies must be enabled.If your browser's cookies are disabled, you will not be able to login to the site. You will not be able to navigate this site correctly or make any purchases using our cart.No Buttons Will Work
For Help Click Here
[ Search Products ] [ Contact Us ] [ Home] [ email us ][ Ezchurch Site ] [ Athenagold ]
Like our new website and shopping cart? Our company developed it. You can have a custom website powered by Athenagold click the Athenagold Link.
Interested in being a reseller? email us
All
rights reserved. ©  Theinsoleman.com 2005 - 2014 Powered By AthenaGoldTM