http://www.urineluck.com/labs-policies/
Free Standard Ground Shipping within the Continental US
Spectrum Labs Policies
Last Modified: 2020-06-18 13:49:24
Shipping Policy
All package delivery times given by Spectrum Labs or posted on our website are estimates only and based on information provided by vendor shippers. We do not guarantee any specific package delivery times. Once the order leaves our shipping facility we are no longer in control of the delivery. Orders are shipped on the same day you receive your tracking information.
All orders are shipped discretely.
Package labels will read “Spectrum Labs” and will not indicate what products are contained.
Overnight shipping via vendor shipper is available for most areas in the lower 48 states. OUR VENDOR SHIPPER DOES NOT DELIVER EXPRESS PACKAGES ON WEEKENDS. If you select overnight service on Friday before 4:30pm EST, your package will arrive on Monday. If you select overnight shipping and it is not available in your area, you will be contacted by our customer service department. EXPRESS DELIVERY TIME (2 day and overnight) DOES NOT INCLUDE ORDER DATE (after 4:30pm EST) OR WEEKENDS.
Spectrum Labs is not responsible for package tardiness due to vendor shipper error, orders being placed after business hours and processed the next business day, incorrect shipping information, problems with credit card authorization or charging, or refusal of a person to accept delivery of the shipment.
All wholesale orders outside of the US will be shipped by select vendor shippers and are subject to import taxes, border fees, and additional shipping charges. We do not ship online retail orders internationally. See the link to “International” page.
Q: What are my shipping options?
A: We offer free regular shipping through FedEx SmartPost within the continental United States, delivery time depends on distance but can take 5-7 business days, but is typically delivered quicker. We also offer express shipping from FedEx.
All orders placed after 4:30pm EST will not be shipped until the following business day. If you place order an overnight order on Friday, by 4:30pm EST, you will not receive your shipment until Monday. If you place an order Saturday or Sunday, it will not ship until the next business day. Currently, we only ship during the week and do not complete shipments on the weekend. Please plan appropriately if you need expedited delivery.
Q: What is your return policy?
A: Spectrum Labs does not refund purchases, but we will exchange any unused expired Spectrum Labs product for another Spectrum Labs product of equal or lesser value. For details on making an exchanges, please see our Exchange Policy.
Q: How do I place an order?
A: You can place your order through our online ordering system. You can also call us toll-free at 800-721-1414 and speak with a Customer Service Representative. Our customer service department operates Monday – Friday, 8AM – 5PM EST.
Our Guarantee
Spectrum Labs guarantees our products.
If used according to the directions, products will be effective in delivering negative nicotine readings on nicotine pre-employment tests. If you test positive for nicotine on a pre-employment nicotine test, we will refund your purchase price, up to the price listed on our website.
Send proof of nicotine test failure, a copy of a state issued photo ID, product packaging or label along with instructions, and proof of purchase to:
Spectrum Labs400 S. 4th Street, Suite 500Las Vegas, Nevada, 89101Attn: Guarantee Dept.
Please allow 2 - 4 weeks for processing.
Exchange Policy
FOR OUR CUSTOMERS
Spectrum Labs does not refund purchases,
but we will exchange unused expired Spectrum Labs product for another Spectrum Labs product of equal or lesser value if it has not been expired for longer than one calendar year.
Send unused expired product in original packaging to:
Spectrum Labs400 S. 4th Street, Suite 500Las Vegas, Nevada, 89101Attn: Exchange Department
Please allow 2 to 4 weeks for exchange to be processed and returned.
Please note: For Urine Luck and Quick Fix®, consumer must return the entire, complete product package (including box and instructions) or exchanges will not be made. Because we do not ship Quick Fix® or Urine Luck to IL, UT, NJ or KY we cannot exchange the Quick Fix® or Urine Luck products for customers within those states.
FOR OUR RETAILERS & WHOLESALERS
Spectrum Labs will continue to exchange products that are under recall only for wholesale customers. We do not offer exchanges for expired product and we urge you to be diligent about the actual quantities you can sell to avoid overbuying stock that you will have to dispose of.
Returned Check Policy
All returned checks are subject to a $50.00 Insufficient funds fee. Payment to cover check and fee must be paid with cashier's check, money order, or credit card with authorization form.
Returned checks could also revoke your privileges to write a check to Spectrum Labs on future orders
Recalls
There are currently no product recalls. Make sure to check your Quick Fix® batch on our Batch Validatorto verify that the product has not expired to ensure that you receive optimal performance.
Terms & Conditions
PLEASE READ THE FOLLOWING TERMS AND CONDITIONS OF USE CAREFULLY BEFORE USING THIS WEBSITE.
All users of this site agree that access to and use of this site are subject to the following terms and conditions and other applicable law. If you do not agree to these terms and conditions, please do not use this site.
Copyright
The entire content included in this site, including but not limited to text, graphics or code is copyrighted as a collective work under the United States and other copyright laws, and is the property of Spectrum Labs. The collective work includes works that are licensed to Spectrum Labs. Copyright 1996-2020, Spectrum Labs ALL RIGHTS RESERVED. Permission is granted to electronically copy and print hard copy portions of this site for the sole purpose of placing an order with Spectrum Labs or purchasing Spectrum Labs products. You may display and, subject to any expressly stated restrictions or limitations relating to specific material, download or print portions of the material from the different areas of the site solely for your own non-commercial use, or to place an order with Spectrum Labs or to purchase Spectrum Labs products. Any other use, including but not limited to the reproduction, distribution, display or transmission of the content of this site is strictly prohibited, unless authorized by Spectrum Labs. You further agree not to change or delete any proprietary notices from materials downloaded from the site.
Trademarks
All trademarks, service marks and trade names of Spectrum Labs used in the site are trademarks or registered trademarks of Spectrum Labs
Warranty Disclaimer
This site and the materials and products on this site are provided "as is" and without warranties of any kind, whether express or implied. To the fullest extent permissible pursuant to applicable law, Spectrum Labs disclaims all warranties, express or implied, including, but not limited to, implied warranties of merchantability and fitness for a particular purpose and non-infringement. Spectrum Labs does not represent or warrant that the functions contained in the site will be uninterrupted or error-free, that the defects will be corrected, or that this site or the server that makes the site available are free of viruses or other harmful components. Spectrum Labs does not make any warrantees or representations regarding the use of the materials in this site in terms of their correctness, accuracy, adequacy, usefulness, timeliness, reliability or otherwise. Some states do not permit limitations or exclusions on warranties, so the above limitations may not apply to you.
Limitation of Liability
Spectrum Labs shall not be liable for any special or consequential damages that result from the use of, or the inability to use, the materials on this site or the performance of the products, even if Spectrum Labs has been advised of the possibility of such damages. Applicable law may not allow the limitation of exclusion of liability or incidental or consequential damages, so the above limitation or exclusion may not apply to you.
Typographical Errors
In the event that a Spectrum Labs product is mistakenly listed at an incorrect price, Spectrum Labs reserves the right to refuse or cancel any orders placed for product listed at the incorrect price. Spectrum Labs reserves the right to refuse or cancel any such orders whether or not the order has been confirmed and your credit card charged. If your credit card has already been charged for the purchase and your order is cancelled, Spectrum Labs shall issue a credit to your credit card account in the amount of the incorrect price.
Term; Termination
These terms and conditions are applicable to you upon your accessing the site and/or completing the registration or shopping process. These terms and conditions, or any part of them, may be terminated by Spectrum Labs without notice at any time, for any reason. The provisions relating to Copyrights, Trademark, Disclaimer, Limitation of Liability, Indemnification and Miscellaneous, shall survive any termination.
Notice
Spectrum Labs may deliver notice to you by means of e-mail, a general notice on the site, or by other reliable method to the address you have provided to Spectrum Labs.
Miscellaneous
Your use of this site shall be governed in all respects by the laws of the state of Ohio, U.S.A., without regard to choice, of law provisions, and not by the 1980 U.N. Convention on contracts for the international sale of goods. You agree that jurisdiction over and venue in any legal proceeding directly or indirectly arising out of or relating to this site (including but not limited to the purchase of Spectrum Labs' products) shall be in the state or federal courts located in Hamilton County, Ohio. Any cause of action or claim you may have with respect to the site (including but not limited to the purchase of Spectrum Labs') products) must be commenced within one (1) year after the claim or cause of action arises. Spectrum Labs' failure to insist upon or enforce strict performance of any provision of these terms and conditions shall not be construed as a waiver of any provision or right. Neither the course of conduct between the parties nor trade practice shall act to modify any of these terms and conditions. Spectrum Labs may assign its rights and duties under this Agreement to any party at any time without notice to you.
Use of Site
Harassment in any manner or form on the site, including via e-mail, chat, or by use of obscene or abusive language, is strictly forbidden. Impersonation of others, including a Spectrum Labs or other licensed employee, host, or representative, as well as other members or visitors on the site is prohibited. You may not upload to, distribute, or otherwise publish through the site any content which is libelous, defamatory, obscene, threatening, invasive of privacy or publicity rights, abusive, illegal, or otherwise objectionable which may constitute or encourage a criminal offense, violate the rights of any party or which may otherwise give rise to liability or violate any law. You may not upload commercial content on the site or use the site to solicit others to join or become members of any other commercial online service or other organization.
Participation Disclaimer
Spectrum Labs does not and cannot review all communications and materials posted to or created by users accessing the site, and is not in any manner responsible for the content of these communications and materials. You acknowledge that by providing you with the ability to view and distribute user-generated content on the site, Spectrum Labs is merely acting as a passive conduit for such distribution and is not undertaking any obligation or liability relating to any contents or activities on the site. However, Spectrum Labs reserves the right to block or remove communications or materials that it determines to be (a) abusive, defamatory, or obscene, (b) fraudulent, deceptive, or misleading, (c) in violation of a copyright, trademark or; other intellectual property right of another or (d) offensive or otherwise unacceptable to Spectrum Labs in its sole discretion.
Indemnification
You agree to indemnify, defend, and hold harmless Spectrum Labs, its officers, directors, employees, agents, licensors and suppliers (collectively the "Service Providers") from and against all losses, expenses, damages and costs, including reasonable attorneys' fees, resulting from any violation of these terms and conditions or any activity related to your account (including negligent or wrongful conduct) by you or any other person accessing the site using your Internet account.
Third-Party Links
In an attempt to provide increased value to our visitors, Spectrum Labs may link to sites operated by third parties. However, even if the third party is affiliated with Spectrum Labs, Spectrum Labs has no control over these linked sites, all of which have separate privacy and data collection practices, independent of Spectrum Labs. These linked sites are only for your convenience and therefore you access them at your own risk. Nonetheless, Spectrum Labs seeks to protect the integrity of its web site and the links placed upon it and therefore requests any feedback on not only its own site, but for sites it links to as well (including if a specific link does not work).
Orders outside of the United States
All wholesale orders outside of the US will be shipped by a vendor shipper or the United States Postal Service (USPS), and are subject to import taxes, border fees and additional shipping charges.
Sorry, we do not ship retail orders outside of the continental U.S.
Privacy Policy
This privacy policy has been compiled to better serve those who are concerned with how their “Personally Identifiable Information” (PII) is being used online. PII is information that can be used on its own to directly identify, contact, or locate a single person (such as their name, address, telephone number) or combined with other personal or identifying information which is linked or linkable to a specific individual (such as date of birth, geographic location) for the same purpose. Please read our privacy policy carefully to get a clear understanding of how we collect, use, and protect your PII. By visiting Urineluck.com, you are accepting the practices described in this Privacy Policy.
What personal information do we ask for you to provide?
When ordering or registering on our site, you may be asked to enter your name, email address, mailing address, phone number, credit card information or other details, as appropriate, to help you with your experience.
When do we collect information?
We collect information when you browse our website, register, place an order or otherwise enter information on our site (for example, if you respond to a survey or marketing communication).
How do we use your information?
We may use the information we collect from you when you register, make a purchase, respond to a survey or marketing communication, surf the website, or use certain other site features in the following ways:
To allow us to better service you in responding to your customer service requests
To quickly process your transactions
To send information and updates pertaining to orders
To send you additional information related to your product and/or service
To continue sending emails to our customers after the original transaction has occurred.
To improve our website.
If at any time you would like to unsubscribe from receiving future emails, you can follow the ‘unsubscribe’ directions found at the bottom of any email correspondence sent to you from our site.
How do we protect your information?
Our website is periodically scanned for security holes and known vulnerabilities in order to make your visit to our site as safe as possible.
We regularly use Malware Scanning.
Your personal information is contained behind secured networks that is only accessible by a limited number of persons who have special access rights to such systems and are required to keep the information confidential. In addition, all sensitive/credit information you supply is encrypted via Secure Socket Layer (SSL) technology.
We implement a variety of security measures when a user places an order to maintain the safety of your personal information.
All transactions are processed through a gateway provider and are not stored or processed on our servers.
Do we use ‘cookies’?
Yes. Cookies are small files that a site or its service provider transfers to your computer’s hard drive through your Web browser (if you allow) that enables the site’s or service provider’s systems to recognize your browser and capture and remember certain information. They are also used to help us understand your preferences based on previous or current site activity, which enables us to provide you with improved services. We also use cookies to help us compile aggregate data about site traffic and site interaction so that we can offer better site experiences and tools in the future.
We use cookies to help remember and process the items in the shopping cart. You can choose to have your computer warn you each time a cookie is being sent, or you can choose to turn off all cookies. You do this through your browser settings. Since every browser is a little different, look at your browser’s Help Menu to learn the correct way to modify your preferences for cookies.
Viewers can visit our site anonymously, but users must enable cookies to register or place an order.
Can you access and update your personal information?
Yes, if you created an account, your personal information can be modified bylogging into your account.
Whenever you use our site, we aim to provide you with access to your personal information. If that information is wrong or changes, we give you ways to update it quickly or delete it – unless we have to keep that information for legitimate business or legal purposes.
What is our third-party disclosure policy?
We do not sell, trade, or otherwise transfer your Personally Identifiable Information (PII) to outside parties.
Occasionally, we may include or offer third-party products or services on our website. Such offers may contain links to third-party websites. These third-party sites have separate and independent privacy policies. We therefore have no responsibility or liability for the content and activities of these linked sites. Nonetheless, we seek to protect the integrity of our site and welcome any feedback about these sites.
Is there ever a circumstance in which we will share your information?
We may share non-personally identifiable information publicly to show trends about the general use of our services.
We may provide customer information where necessary to comply with the law, such as disclosure of your information to a law enforcement agency for your safety or the safety of others or when compelled by subpoena or other legal process.
What if there are changes to this Privacy Policy?
Our Privacy Policy may change from time-to-time. We will post any privacy policy changes on this page.
Cookie Policy
Cookies are short pieces of data that are sent to your computer when you visit a website. On later visits, this data is then returned to that website. Cookies allow us to recognize you automatically whenever you visit our site so that we can personalize your experience and provide you with better service. We also use cookies (and similar browser data, such as Local Share Objects) for fraud prevention and other purposes. If your web browser is set to refuse cookies from our website, you will not be able to complete a purchase or take advantage of certain features of our website, such as storing items in your Shopping Cart or receiving personalized recommendations. As a result, we strongly encourage you to configure your web browser to accept cookies from our website.
For additional information, view our Privacy Policy.
Batch Validator
Get Started
Account
My Account
Orders and Returns
Quick Links
Advanced Search
Batch Validator
Media
International Retailers
Blog
More Information
About Us
FAQ
Policies
Still Need Help?
Contact Us
Spectrum Labs400 S. 4th Street, Suite 500Las Vegas, Nevada, 89101
800-721-1414
ulinfo@urineluck.com
Follow Us
Coupons, Offers & Information
Sign Up for Our Newsletter:
Subscribe
©
Spectrum Labs. All Rights Reserved.