https://www.dowlingmagnets.com/privacy.php
Please accept our cookies to get the best experience of our website.
There are some features that may not work without cookies. To find out more about the cookies we use, visit our Privacy Policy page.
Accept
Deny
x
Blog
Store Locator
About Us
Contact Us
My Cart
800 - MAGNET - 1
Teacher Resources
Classroom Decor
Classroom Organization
Arts & Crafts Supplies
Office Supplies
Hero Magnets
School Safety
Bundles
Libraries
Science & Engineering
Early Magnetism
Magnet Kits
Bulk Magnets & Supplies
Math
Counting & Cardinality
Number & Operations
Money
Geometry
Fractions, Decimals & Percents
Sorting & Patterning
English Language Arts
Alphabet & Print Concepts
Phonics & Word Recognition
Writing
Early Learning
Alphabet
Numbers & Counting
Attributes, Sorting & Patterning
Creative Play
Science & Our World
Social & Behavioral
Puzzles
Idea Center
Activities & Experiments
All About Magnets
Free Downloads
What's New
Close
Home
Privacy Policy
General
Dowling Magnets ("Dowling","we", or "us"), respects your privacy and is committed to protecting it through our compliance with this policy.
This policy describes the types of information we may collect from you or that you may provide when you visit our website. It also outlines our practices for collecting, using, maintaining, protecting and disclosing that information. This policy may be updated at any time.
Please read this policy carefully to understand our policies and practices regarding your information and how we will treat it. If you do not agree with our policies and practices, your choice is not to use our Website. By accessing or using this Website, you agree to this privacy policy. This policy may change from time to time. Your continued use of this Website after we make changes is deemed to be acceptance of those changes, so please check the policy periodically for updates. Any changes to this Data Protection Statement will be published on this page. This enables you to inform yourself at any time about which data we are collecting and how we use such data.
Collection, Use and Processing of Personal Data
Name of the responsible entity: Dowling Magnets, Inc.
Address of the responsible entity:
888 N Larch Avenue
Elmhurst, IL 60126
This privacy notice describes Dowling’s collection, use, and disclosure of the information you provide to us through your use of the site or service, as well as the rights you have with respect to your personal data. For any questions regarding this privacy notice, please contact us at sales@dowlingmagnets.com
When users visit the website, we automatically collect and store certain data. This includes: the IP address or device ID which we need for transmitting content, the activity of users in the context of the website, the type of respective end-device, the used type of browser as well as the date and time of use. Some or all of this data may be collected by our use of Google Analytics. You may refer to their privacy statement here: https://google.com/policies/privacy/partners.
NOTE: The retail offers and promotions on this site are intended for U.S. customers only; our products will only be shipped to U.S. addresses. As such, you agree that all transactions are applicable to U.S. law.
Additional Rights for European Union Users
While this site is intended primarily for a North American audience, with servers hosted in North America, If you live in the European Union, you may have additional privacy rights available to you under applicable laws. We will process your requests in accordance with applicable data protection laws. If you would like to exercise any of the below rights, please contact sales@dowlingmagnets.com so that we may consider your request in accordance with applicable law:
Right not to provide or withdraw consent: You have the right not to provide or withdraw your consent at any time.
Right of erasure: You may have the right to access the personal data that you provided to us.
Right to object to processing: You may have the right to request that Dowling stop processing your personal data and/or stop sending you marketing communications
Right to rectification: You may have the right to require us to correct any of your personal data.
Shopping Cart
Our shopping cart is provided by Kibo. Here is a link to their privacy statement
What Information Do We Collect?
We collect information from you when you submit a form on our site, register for an event, or respond to a survey.
When entering information on our site, as appropriate, you may be asked to enter your name, e-mail address, company name, mailing address or phone number. We collect this information in order to process your request, respond to your inquiries, improve our website and service and contact you through marketing and sales offers. You may opt out of these mailings or phone calls at any time.
Transfer of Personal Information
We do not sell, trade, or transfer to outside parties your personally identifiable information. This does not include trusted third parties who assist us in operating our website, conducting our business, or servicing you, so long as those parties agree to keep this information confidential. We may also release your information when we believe release is appropriate to comply with the law, enforce our site policies, or protect ours or another’s rights, property, or safety.
Web Tracking
This website collects and stores data for marketing and optimization purposes by using partner technologies including Google Analytics. This data is stored in and further processed within anonymous or pseudonymous user profiles (depending on the respective technology and service engaged). These user profiles are stored in Cookies or other similar technologies as set out above. In addition to the data collected when accessing the website (as set forth above) this may also include information pertaining to the website you are using to visit us, the websites that you visit while you are with us and, if applicable, any search terms you have been using to find our website.
The privacy statements for these partners can be found at:
Google: https://google.com/policies/privacy/partners
Cookies
This website, www.dowlingmagnets.com, uses cookies to collect information.
A cookie is a small piece of information that a website sends to your hard drive while you are visiting the website.
A cookie file can contain information such as a user ID that the site uses to track the pages you have visited, but the only personal information a cookie can contain is information you supply yourself. Cookies are used to enhance your experience with us, facilitate your ability to view protected content and provide for tracking.
If you do not accept cookies, you can block them in your browser security settings. You can also ask your browser to warn you every time a website attempts to place a cookie on your computer. Your experience on our site — along with certain key functionality — may be impaired by doing so.
California Privacy Rights
California Civil Code § 1798.83 permits users of our Website that are California residents to request certain information regarding our disclosure of personal information to third parties for their direct marketing purposes. To make such a request, please send an email to sales@dowlingmagnets.com.
Data Security
We use appropriate security measures to protect the security of your data both online and offline. These measures vary based on the sensitivity of the information that we collect, process and store and the current state of technology. Please note, though, that no website or internet transmission is completely secure, so while we strive to protect your data, we cannot guarantee that unauthorized access, hacking, data loss or a data breach will never occur.
Use of Social Media Plug-ins
Plug-ins ("plug-ins") of different social media networks are embedded in our web pages. The associated services are provided by the respective companies ("providers").
The plug-in tells the provider which of our website pages you have accessed.
And if you are logged into your user account with the respective provider, it is able to collate your interest, i.e. the information you are accessing, with your user account.
Further information on the collection and use of data by the providers can be found in the providers’ data protection/privacy policies:
Facebook: http://www.facebook.com/policy.php
Twitter: https://twitter.com/privacy
LinkedIn: https://www.linkedin.com/legal/Data Protection-policy
Additional Rights for European Union Users
While this site is intended primarily for a North American audience, with servers hosted in North America, If you live in the European Union, you may have additional privacy rights available to you under applicable laws. We will process your requests in accordance with applicable data protection laws. If you would like to exercise any of the below rights, please contact sales@dowlingmagnets.com so that we may consider your request in accordance with applicable law:
Right not to provide or withdraw consent: You have the right not to provide or withdraw your consent at any time.
Right of erasure: You may have the right to access the personal data that you provided to us.
Right to object to processing: You may have the right to request that Dowling stop processing your personal data and/or stop sending you marketing communications
Right to rectification: You may have the right to require us to correct any of your personal data.