https://www.ruoutside.com/privacy.html
Privacy policy
We use the Stronghold secure server which supports industry-standard 128-bit SSL encryption. When you enter your credit card number into the order form, it is transmitted across the Internet in an encrypted (scrambled) form, then decoded when it gets to us.
Our Internet site is meant to be a service to you. In order to provide you with the best products, excellent information and quality customer service we record a variety of information from your visit to our site. We record your computer's domain name, information indicating which site pages you viewed, the address of the site you came from before visiting our site, and any search terms you used to find our site. We also record your email address if you chose to communicate with us via email. And, should we offer an online survey, we will record any information you provide us in that survey.
If you do not want to receive email from us in the future, please let us know by sending us a message via email or postal mail or by calling us.
If you supply us with your postal address online you may receive periodic mailings from us with information on new products and services or upcoming events. If you do not wish to receive such mailings, please let us know by sending us a message via email or postal mail or by calling us.
If you supply us with your telephone number online you may receive telephone contact from us with information regarding the orders you have placed online. You may receive telephone contact from us with information regarding new products and services or upcoming events. If you do not wish to receive such telephone calls, please let us know by sending us a message via email or postal mail or by calling us.
Layering | Product Testimonials | join email list | Contact Us
Website Links
Exchanges, guarantee, warranty.
Privacy policy
join email list
RUOutside.com, a division of Neoprene Distributors International * 11859 Lakeshore North, Auburn CA
95602 * 800-279-7123
© 2020