https://www.fireboy-xintex.com/fireboy-xintex-privacy-policy/
Home
Fire Suppression
Engineered Fire Suppression Systems
Pre-Engineered Fire Extinguishers
MAE Series Fire Detection & Suppression System
Portable Clean Agent Fire Extinguishers
Portable Dry Chemical Fire Extinguishers
Fire Extinguisher Accessories
Engine Shutdown Systems
Fire Detection
Commercial Vessels USCG/ABS Approved
Recreational Yachts
IMO/Solas Approved
Commercial UL
Smoke and Fire Alarms
Gas Detection
Methane Gas Detectors
Gasoline Detectors
Propane Detectors
Marine Carbon Monoxide Alarms
RV Carbon Monoxide Alarms
CMD-4M CO Detector End Of Life
International
Pre-Engineered Manually Operated Fire Systems
Engineered Manually Operated Systems
Fire Detection Systems
Support
Contact
Current Product Brochures and Manuals
Legacy Product Brochures and Manuals
News
Shipping and Return Policies
HomeFireboy-Xintex Privacy Policy
Fireboy-Xintex Privacy Policy:
Fireboy-Xintex, LLC ("Fireboy-Xintex")
operates fireboy-xintex.com and may operate other websites. It
is Fireboy-Xintex's policy to respect your privacy regarding any information we may collect
while operating our websites.
Website Visitors
Like most website operators, Fireboy-Xintex collects non-personally-identifying information of the
sort that web browsers and servers typically make available, such as the browser type, language preference,
referring site, and the date and time of each visitor request. Fireboy-Xintex's purpose in
collecting non-personally identifying information is to better understand
how Fireboy-Xintex's visitors use its website. From time to
time, Fireboy-Xintex may release non-personally-identifying information in the aggregate, e.g., by
publishing a report on trends in the usage of its website.
Fireboy-Xintex also collects potentially personally-identifying information like Internet Protocol
(IP) addresses for logged in users and for users leaving comments on fireboy-xintex.com
blogs/sites. Fireboy-Xintex only discloses logged in user and commenter IP addresses under the same
circumstances that it uses and discloses personally-identifying information as described below, except that
commenter IP addresses and email addresses are visible and disclosed to the administrators of the blog/site
where the comment was left.
Gathering of Personally-Identifying Information
Certain visitors to Fireboy-Xintex's websites choose to interact
with Fireboy-Xintex in ways that require Fireboy-Xintex to gather
personally-identifying information. The amount and type of information that Fireboy-Xintex gathers
depends on the nature of the interaction. For example, we ask visitors who sign up at fireboy-xintex.com to provide a
username and email address. Those who engage in transactions with Fireboy-Xintex are asked to
provide additional information, including as necessary the personal and financial information required to
process those transactions. In each case, Fireboy-Xintex collects such information only insofar as
is necessary or appropriate to fulfill the purpose of the visitor's interaction with
Fireboy-Xintex. Fireboy-Xintex does not disclose personally-identifying information
other than as described below. And visitors can always refuse to supply personally-identifying information, with
the caveat that it may prevent them from engaging in certain website-related activities.
Aggregated Statistics
Fireboy-Xintex may collect statistics about the behavior of visitors to its
websites. Fireboy-Xintex may display this information publicly or provide it to others.
However, Fireboy-Xintex does not disclose personally-identifying information other than as
described below.
Protection of Certain Personally-Identifying Information
Fireboy-Xintex discloses potentially personally-identifying and personally-identifying information
only to those of its employees, contractors and affiliated organizations that (i) need to know that information
in order to process it on Fireboy-Xintex's behalf or to provide services available
at Fireboy-Xintex's websites, and (ii) that have agreed not to disclose it to others. Some
of those employees, contractors and affiliated organizations may be located outside of your home country; by
using Fireboy-Xintex's websites, you consent to the transfer of such information to
them. Fireboy-Xintex will not rent or sell potentially personally-identifying and
personally-identifying information to anyone. Other than to its employees, contractors and affiliated
organizations, as described above, Fireboy-Xintex discloses potentially personally-identifying and
personally-identifying information only in response to a subpoena, court order or other governmental request, or
when Fireboy-Xintex believes in good faith that disclosure is reasonably necessary to protect the
property or rights of Fireboy-Xintex, third parties or the public at large. If you are a registered
user of an Fireboy-Xintex website and have supplied your email address, Fireboy-Xintex
may occasionally send you an email to tell you about new features, solicit your feedback, or just keep you up to
date with what's going on with Fireboy-Xintex and our products. If you send us a request (for
example via email or via one of our feedback mechanisms), we reserve the right to publish it in order to help us
clarify or respond to your request or to help us support other users. Fireboy-Xintex takes all
measures reasonably necessary to protect against the unauthorized access, use, alteration or destruction of
potentially personally-identifying and personally-identifying information.
Cookies
A cookie is a string of information that a website stores on a visitor's computer, and that the visitor's browser
provides to the website each time the visitor returns. Fireboy-Xintex uses cookies to
help Fireboy-Xintex identify and track visitors, their usage of Fireboy-Xintex
website, and their website access preferences. Fireboy-Xintex visitors who do not wish to have
cookies placed on their computers should set their browsers to refuse cookies before
using Fireboy-Xintex's websites, with the drawback that certain features
of Fireboy-Xintex's websites may not function properly without the aid of cookies.
Business Transfers
If Fireboy-Xintex, or substantially all of its assets, were acquired, or in the unlikely event
that Fireboy-Xintex goes out of business or enters bankruptcy, user information would be one of the
assets that is transferred or acquired by a third party. You acknowledge that such transfers may occur, and that
any acquirer of Fireboy-Xintex may continue to use your personal information as set forth in this
policy.
Ads
Ads appearing on any of our websites may be delivered to users by advertising partners, who may set cookies.
These cookies allow the ad server to recognize your computer each time they send you an online advertisement to
compile information about you or others who use your computer. This information allows ad networks to, among
other things, deliver targeted advertisements that they believe will be of most interest to you. This Privacy
Policy covers the use of cookies by Fireboy-Xintex and does not cover the use of cookies by any
advertisers.
Fireboy-Xintex Privacy Policy Changes
Although most changes are likely to be minor, Fireboy-Xintex may change
its Fireboy-Xintex Privacy Policy from time to time, and in Fireboy-Xintex's sole
discretion. Fireboy-Xintex encourages visitors to frequently check this page for any changes to
its Fireboy-Xintex Privacy Policy. If you have a fireboy-xintex.com account, you might also
receive an alert informing you of these changes. Your continued use of this site after any change in
this Fireboy-Xintex Privacy Policy will constitute your acceptance of such change.
Share this!
Share on Facebook
Share
0
Share on TwitterTweet
Share on Pinterest
Share
0
Share on LinkedIn
Share
Share on Digg
Share
Send email
Mail
Print
Print
0
Total
Shares
Search for:
Contact Us
Your Name (required)
Your Email (required)
Subject
Your Message
By using this form you agree with the storage and handling of your data by this website.
Important Links Commercial Marine Fire Suppression
Commercial Marine Fire Detection
Methane Gas Detection
Recreational Marine Fire Suppression
Recreational Marine Fire Detection
Marine Carbon Monoxide Detection
We use cookies on our website to give you the most relevant experience by remembering your preferences and repeat visits. By clicking “Accept”, you consent to the use of ALL the cookies.Cookie settingsACCEPTManage consent
Close
Privacy Overview
This website uses cookies to improve your experience while you navigate through the website. Out of these, the cookies that are categorized as necessary are stored on your browser as they are essential for the working of basic functionalities of the website. We also use third-party cookies that help us analyze and understand how you use this website. These cookies will be stored in your browser only with your consent. You also have the option to opt-out of these cookies. But opting out of some of these cookies may affect your browsing experience.
Necessary
Necessary
Always Enabled
Necessary cookies are absolutely essential for the website to function properly. This category only includes cookies that ensures basic functionalities and security features of the website. These cookies do not store any personal information.
Non-necessary
Non-necessary
Any cookies that may not be particularly necessary for the website to function and is used specifically to collect user personal data via analytics, ads, other embedded contents are termed as non-necessary cookies. It is mandatory to procure user consent prior to running these cookies on your website.