http://www.etonvintners.com/terms
Please enable javascript to access this website.
FREE Delivery for wine orders from £200 and over! (Mainland England and Wales only. All conditions apply)
Contact
Register/Sign In
Delivery & Returns
sales@etonvintners.com
0844 8549045
Sign In or Register
Close
A Bottle for Every Dish
50 Wines To Try Before You Die!
Wines
Vegan & Vegetarian Wines
Mixed Cases
Spirits
Hampers
Wine Gifts
Gift Boxes
Events
Blog
Contact Us
Home
Wines
Vegan & Vegetarian Wines
Spirits
Hampers
50 Wines To Try Before You Die!
Wine Gifts
Gift Boxes
Mixed Cases
Vintage Chart
Knowledge
Events
Vintners Blog
Contact Us
TERMS AND PRIVACY
Payment
We accept payment by Visa, MasterCard and American Express as well as most debit cards.
All payment details must be correct at the time of payment due to credit card company regulations.We do not accept payment by cheque. All goods must be made paid in full prior to delivery.
Prices and Contents
A full list of contents is shown on the website.
Eton Vintners is an online store and does not run in conjunction offers and promotions offered in our shop at 31 St Leonard's Rd, Windsor. All orders are despatched from our warehouse and some wines are not available at the shop.
Eton Vintners reserves the right to substitute any item and guarantee that all replacements are of equal or greater value in the event of supply difficulties. In the event of a vintage change, Eton Vintners reserves the right to change to the next vintage and you will be informed prior to dispatch. Eton Vintners also reserves the right to change the vintage due to unforeseen unavailability for gift orders or where two vintages are cited the latter vintage will be dispatched.
All prices are in Sterling including VAT where applicable and duty charged at the rates prevailing at time of going of publication.
Cancellations, Returns and RefundsCustomers wishing to cancel or alter orders can do so within 24 hours of the order being placed for bespoke orders, Eton Vintners cannot accept cancellations after this period. Customers wishing to cancel or alter online orders will be charged a 5% transaction fee. Orders delivered may be cancelled by you and goods (in good condition and unopened) must either be returned to us or made available for collection within seven days. All orders delivered overseas cannot be returned and/or refunded.If we collect, a collection fee will be payable. If we are unable to accept return because the goods are not in good condition or have been opened, a re-delivery fee will also be payable.Upon receipt and acceptance by us we will refund all payments (less any collection or delivery charges) within 30 days. In the unlikely event due to unforeseen unavailability, a full refund will be made. Eton Vintners will make sure that wines are delivered to you in the best possible condition. There is always an element of risk in the purchase of the older fine wines as their condition is variable. Eton Vintners will not be held responsible for the state and condition of wines or whether the wine corresponds to the qualities which might be expected from its description. Opened bottles must be retained and made available for collection or returned to the shop. Refunds will only be made on returned wines and only on the same debit/credit cards that were used originally for payment. Non returned wines will not be refunded.Refunds will be made to the credit card used for the original purchase after deducting 5% of the invoice total to cover our costs, including charges by your credit card company. This does not affect your statutory rights. All wines purchased on a sale or return basis, must be returned in complete sealed cases of 6 or 12 bottles. Unsealed and open cases; damaged cases,
bottles, labels or capsules; chilled or not kept in an ambient temperature will not be accepted.All credit notes and gift vouchers must be redeemed within 12 months.If you wish to return any wine or gift, please call on: Freephone 0844 854 9045 (UK Only) Or +44 (0) 1753 790188 (Outside the UK)Or email sales@etonvintners.com to arrange collection.
Loss or DamageIn the unfortunate event that a parcel is lost or damaged in transit, please contact us on:
Freephone 0844 854 9045 (UK Only)
Or +44 (0) 1753 790188 (Outside the UK)
Or email sales@etonvintners.co.uk
All goods should be examined upon arrival. Otherwise, customers are requested to sign 'Not examined'. Any loss or damage must be reported within 24 hours.
Force Majeure We shall not be liable for any failure to meet our obligations occasioned by circumstances beyond our reasonable control.
Perishable Goods
Please note that gift boxes containing perishable products should be unpacked upon receipt and refrigerated.
Licensing ActPlease note, by law, all alcohol and hampers containing alcohol are only available for order by customers who are aged 18 or over.
Privacy New General Data Protection RegulationEton Vintners takes the privacy and protection of client information very seriously. On 25 May 2018, enhanced legislation, known as the General Data Protection Regulation, comes into effect which makes the processing of customer information more transparent, enhances customer rights and gives greater control over how client information is handled.When you register or order on our website as well as in the shop your details will enable us to process and deliver your order. By registering your details on our website, you consent to Eton Vintners maintaining, recording, holding and using personal data we collect about you. This information may be used by Eton Vintners to send you with news of offers, wine tastings, events and new products which we feel will be of particular interest to you. Eton Vintners will not pass on your personal information to any third parties nor share your data with other organisations . All credit card transactions processed from this site use industry standard encryption and we do not retain or store your credit card details. If you do not wish to receive further emails from us click "Unsubscribe" on any of our emails and we will remove you from our mailing list. Any questions relating to privacy matters please contact us by email on: sales@etonvintners.com or call us on 01753790188.
Terms and Conditions
These Terms and Conditions govern your use of Eton Vintners’ website (the "Site") and your relationship with Eton Fine Wines Ltd, company registration number 2190567, a registered company in England & Wales, VAT Number: GB 891946177 whose registered office address is at 31 St Leonard's Road, Windsor SL4 3BP (the "Company", "we" or "us").
Please read them carefully as they affect your rights and liabilities under the law. If you do not agree to these Terms and Conditions, please do not register for or use the Site. If you have any questions on the Terms and Conditions, please contact us at sales@etonvintners.com
Contact Us
Eton Fine Wines Ltd. 31 St. Leonards Road, Windsor, SL4 3BP
T: 0844 8549045
E: sales@etonvintners.com
COMPANY REGISTERED IN ENGLAND AND WALES [5820598]
Website Info
About
Services
Terms & Privacy
Delivery
FAQ
Contact
Cookies
Awards & Recognition
View All Awards
SSL By Trustwave
Website Design by Factory Pattern