http://www.longacreracing.com/privacy-policy.aspx
Products
NEW Products
Available Now
Computerscales®
Top Sellers
Wireless Scales
Hybrid Scales
Wired Scales
Kart Scales
Specialty Scales
Heavy Capacity Scales
Scale Replacement Parts
Scale Leveling & Acc.
Scale Leveling
Levelers & Roll-offs
Platens & Ramps
Replacement Feet
SideSliders™
Storage & Transport
Misc. Accessories
Caster Camber Gauges
Digital C/C Gauges
Vial C/C Gauges
C/C Gauge Adapters
C/C Replacement Parts
Chassis Setup Equipment
Load Rating Machines
Load Pull Sticks
Toe Tools
Bump Steer Gauges
Turn Plates
Chassis Height Tools
Stagger Tools
Shock Pressure & Inflation
Spring Testers
Coil-Over Spring Rubbers
Misc. Chassis Setup
Alignment Tools
Caster Camber Alignment
Caster Camber Adapters
Toe Measurement Tools
Bump Steer Measurement
Misc Wheel Alignment Tools
Tire Pressure Gauges
Digital Tire Gauges
Analog Tire Gauges
Liquid Filled Tire Gauges
Filler Gauges / Air Tanks
Tire Gauge Accessories
Replacement Air Gauge Heads
Pyrometers
Tire Pyrometers
IR Pyrometers
Durometers & Tread Depth
Durometers
Tread Depth
Gauge / Tach
Panels
Digital Elite LED Waterproof Gauge Panels
SMi™ Elite Waterproof Gauge Panels
SMi™ 'Stepper Motor' Panels
Sportsman™ Panels
Brake Balance Panels
Gauges & Tachs
Digital Elite LED Waterproof Gauges
Digital Elite LED Waterproof Tachometer
SMi™ Elite Waterproof Gauges
SMi™ Elite Waterproof Tachometer
SMi™ 'Stepper Motor' Gauges
Sportsman™ Gauges
Memory Tachometers
Wire Harnesses
GAGELITES™ / Senders & Acc
SMi™ Gauge Sensors & Wires
OP GAGELITES™ & Senders
WT GAGELITES™ & Senders
OT GAGELITES™ & Senders
FP GAGELITES™ & Senders
WP GAGELITES™ & Senders
Gauge Panel Lights
Gauge Lines & Fittings
Switch Panels
Aluminum Switch Panels
Carbon Fiber Switch Panels
Switch Panel Accessories
Switches & Electrical
Ignition & Start Switches
Battery Disconnect Switches
Misc Battery Accessories
GAGELITES™ Warning Lights
Misc Electrical Parts & Tools
Pit Equip, Specialty Tools
Impact Gun Sockets
Pit Accessories
Other Specialty Tools
Bolt-On Parts & Mirrors
Mirrors & Brackets
Misc. Bolt-On Parts
Timing Products
Hot Lap In-Car Timers
Hand-Held Stopwatches
Clipboard Watches
Steering Wheels & Hubs
Lightweight Wheels
Suede Covered Wheels
15" Aluminum Wheels
17" Aluminum Wheels
Steel Wheels
Kart Steering Wheels
Quick Disconnect Hubs
Misc. Steering Parts
Roll Bar Padding
Roll Bar Padding
Miscellaneous Padding
Engine Tuning Tools
Test Equipment / Tools
Throttle / Carb Linkage
Air Cleaner Studs
Misc. Engine Tuning
Brake Parts
Brake Pressure Gauges
Brake Balance Adjusters
Brake Lines & Kits
Brake Fittings & Accessories
Car Covers
Race Car Covers
Cockpit Cover
Insulation Products
Insulation Cloth
High Temp Sleeving
Insulation Tape & Ties
Insulating Floor Mats
Misc Parts & Tools
Spoiler & Fender Acc.
TIRELIEFS™ & Accessories
Hood Pins & Acc.
Lined Hard Cases
Radiator Caps
Cleaner & Polish
Longacre Gear & Gifts
Longacre Gear
REBCO
Caster Camber Gauge
Air Pressure Gauges
Aluminum Gauge Panels
Switch Panels
About Us
Dealer Locator
United States
International
RC Dealers
Become a Dealer
Tech Library
Videos
Technical Articles
Instructions
Setup Sheets
Blog
Catalog Request
Help
FAQs
Service Repair Forms
Warranty and Repair
Computerscales XLi Tablet App
Shipping Policy
Return Policy
Privacy Policy
Terms and Conditions
Contact
Contact
Submit Your Photos
Cart
Privacy Policy
AFCO Performance Group Privacy Policy
This Privacy Policy (“Policy”) discloses AFCO Performance Group’ (“AFCO” or “We” or “Us”) privacy practices for www.longacreracing.com (the “Site”).  This Policy is meant to help you understand what information we collect, why we collect it, and how you can manage your information.  This Policy does not apply to the privacy practices for our partnered sites. We encourage our users who visit external sites from links within the Site to read the privacy statements of those external sites as their privacy practices may differ from ours.
If you have questions or concerns regarding this statement you should first contact us via Customer Service by calling 800.632.2320.  If you prefer to write us our postal address is:
AFCO Performance Group 977 Hyrock Blvd. Boonville, IN 47601 apgccpa@afcoracing.com
AFCO has taken numerous precautions to guard your security while making purchases online in order to make you feel comfortable and secure. Our goal is to make you feel as comfortable shopping here as you would from our catalog or retail showroom.
We may make changes to this Privacy Policy from time to time.  We will notify you of any material changes by placing a prominent notice on our Site and/or by sending you an email (if you are a registered user).
What information is being collected?
Personal information is data that can be used to identify you as an individual by reference to a direct identifier, such as name or contact information, or with indirect identifiers, such as device identifiers that permit the physical or online contacting of a specific individual (“Personal Information”).  We collect Personal Information when you visit the Site in order to provide you with the products or services that you have requested, including notification of any problems, as well as to alert you under appropriate circumstances of any offerings that you might have an interest in.  We also collect Personal Information to prevent fraud, improve our Site and offerings, and enforce our Terms and Conditions.  Further information about our data collection practices is provided below.
Data you provide to us.  We collect Personal Information that you provide to us, such as when you place an order for a product or service.  In order to process and deliver your requests, you will be asked for your name, shipping and billing addresses, your email address, and your credit card information.  We may also ask you to voluntarily register as a user of our Site.  If you submit a product review through the Site, we will collect information related to your name, location, and any information you provide in the text of your review, including any images you upload as a part of your review.  Additionally, if you request one of our newsletters or send an inquiry to one of our customer service representatives, we will securely store a record of your request, along with your email address, in order to coordinate any follow-up correspondence or to help you stay connected and informed about your inquiry.
Data you generate.  We use cookies and other tracking technologies to collect certain information about you when you use our Site.  For example, our web servers track various technical details about your Site visit, including your computer's IP address, browser type, the pages you visit, and what you search for.  This sort of usage information does not typically contain any direct identifiers about you.  To learn more about these technologies, please see our Cookie Notice below.
Data from third parties.  We may also collect Personal Information about you from other sources, including your social media account information if you voluntarily use your Facebook.com login credentials during your Site visit.  If you choose PayPal to process any payments on our Site, we collect relevant transaction information from the payment vendor to facilitate your request or order.
We use appropriate and reasonable security measures as required by relevant law and security best practices to maintain and secure your Personal Information and further require the third parties with whom we work with to implement and maintain appropriate, technical measures to protect your Personal Information.
Cookie Notice
A cookie is a block of text placed in a file on your hard drive by a website you've visited and enables websites to remember your actions, preferences, and other session information related to your visits. AFCO Performance Group uses cookies to deliver basic functions on our Site, such as page navigation, as well as to observe users’ behaviors throughout the Site. This helps us identify any user experience issues and opportunities to improve the shopping experience.  This includes the use of session cookies, which are a piece of identification between your browser and our server that helps to do things such as keeping track of the items in your shopping cart. The shopping cart cookie is saved for a designated period of time in case your session expires or if you return to complete a purchase within that time frame.
You can control what cookies you allow on our Site by selecting your preferences in your web browser settings.  Be advised that if you change your settings to block certain cookies, some features on our Site may not operate as intended.  We do not support the Do Not Track browser option.
We also collect demographic and interest information about you (such as age, gender, and interests) using Google Remarketing and Analytics services. This allows us to present specific products and services to you based on your preferences and past Internet activity.  We do not share direct identifiers or contact information, such as telephone number and address, with Google via cookies.  Google may use the data collected on our Site to contextualize and personalize ads on its own advertising network, which are governed by the terms of its Terms of Service and Privacy Policy.  Google also offers a browser opt-out mechanism, which you may access here.
With whom do we share your information?
We do not rent or sell your Personal Information to anyone. In limited circumstances, as described below, we may share your Personal Information as needed to run our business and provide services, and also as required for legal compliance purposes.
Vendors, consultants, and other service providers.  We may transmit your Personal Information to third party vendors, consultants, and service providers who assist us in processing orders, shipping products, processing payment information, sending catalogs, conducting surveys, processing job applications, and sending emails and newsletters. We have agreements with these third parties that require protection of your Personal Information in accordance with the terms of this Policy. Some of these third parties may have their own privacy statements, which may give you additional protections. You are encouraged to read those statements when presented.
Affiliates and business partners.  We may provide Personal Information to affiliated companies and business partners with whom we jointly offer products or services.  In such cases, our affiliate’s or business partner’s name will appear along with ours.
If you provide us with your postal address, you may receive periodic catalogs from us or other notices containing information about new products and services or upcoming events. Occasionally, we may make our postal mailing address lists available to subsidiaries and affiliated companies that are part of the AFCO Performance Group family of companies.  However, we do not share email addresses, telephone numbers, or facsimile numbers with any third parties for marketing purposes.
Merger, sale, or other asset transfers.  If we are involved in a merger, acquisition, financing due diligence, reorganization, bankruptcy, receivership, purchase or sale of assets, or transition of service to another provider, then we may sell or otherwise transfer your Personal Information as part of the transaction, as permitted by law and/or contract.
Legal purposes.  We will disclose your Personal Information outside of Speedway Motors when required by law, subpoena, or other legal process. In such circumstances, we may, and you authorize us to, share information with the requesting government agency or investigatory body, including law enforcement or regulatory authorities. In all cases, we will require written documentation of the request, proof of the identity of the law enforcement official making the request, and we will take steps to authenticate the validity of the request. Any law enforcement or government agency request submitted with less than a court-issued order will be evaluated on a case-by-case basis according to the need and urgency as well as the particular law enforcement agency making the request.
With your consent.  We may share your Personal Information for any other legitimate purpose if we notify and receive your consent for such disclosure.
How do I access, update, or delete my Personal Information?
We will collect and use your Personal Information as described in this Policy, which includes your rights to control the collection, use, and sharing of your data, as provided below:
Access your data.  You may request access to a copy of the Personal Information that we collect from you with your consent or as necessary to provide our services.
Delete your data.  You can request erasure or deletion of all or some of your Personal Information, subject to certain exceptions prescribed by law.
Change your data.  You may notify us of your privacy preference by calling, sending an email, or by writing to us at the postal address provided below. In your requests, please provide us with your exact name and postal address and define which lists you wish to be removed from so that we can be sure your information is removed from future mailing lists.
For security reasons, however, some parts of your Personal Information may not be changed online and may require you to call or write to us in order to verify your identity before changes can be made.
Object to, limit or restrict use of your data.  You can request that we stop using all or some of your Personal Information. We may continue to process data after such request to the extent required or permitted by law. Due to various legal and recordkeeping requirements, we may be required to maintain records of your purchases or other activities on this Site. However, you will always be permitted to opt-out of any marketing uses of your Personal Information.
California residents are further entitled to ask us for information identifying the sources, categories, and specific pieces of Personal Information we have collected on them, including the purpose(s) and with whom we share that data.  California residents may also request to opt-out of the sale of their Personal Information.  California residents may not be discriminated against for exercising any of these additional rights.
To exercise your rights, please contact us by sending us a written request to apgccpa@afcoracing.com. If you prefer, you may also contact us by phone at 800.632.2320, or postal mail at AFCO Performance Group 977 Hyrock Blvd. Boonville, IN 47601.
How long do you retain Personal Information?
We retain your Personal Information over the course of your use of a registered account on our Site and as further needed to facilitate and execute orders for products and services to you.  We will also retain your Personal Information for as long a period as we have a lawful basis for the continued retention or processing, including legitimate interests where the processing of Personal Information is not overridden by your interests or fundamental rights.  Personal information may be retained for extended time period for limited purposes, such as for our legal and compliance obligations. These bases are subject to your rights to access and control your data, as described above.
What kind of security procedures are in place to protect the loss, misuse or alteration of information under our control?
AFCO values your business and is committed to doing everything possible to make our online ordering process secure and protect your Personal Information. We use appropriate and reasonable security measures as required by relevant law and security best practices. Our Site also uses Secure Sockets Layer (SSL) to communicate with secure browsers like Google Chrome, Safari, Firefox, Netscape, and Internet Explorer. These browsers encrypt your credit card and other Personal Information in a way that makes it extremely difficult for anyone to intercept and misuse while being transmitted between your computer and our server. If your browser is not secure, you will not be able to complete a purchase on our Site. We also take further precautions to protect the security and privacy of the information stored on our computer networks. Many of the systems which store your Personal Information are not connected to the Internet, reducing the likelihood of security breaches. Our systems are also housed in secure facilities, and access to your data by our employees is limited to a "need to know" basis, controlled by password protected systems, and monitored for abuse.
However, no system is 100% secure.  We cannot warrant the security of any information that you send us, and we cannot guarantee that your Personal Information may not be accessed, disclosed, altered, or destroyed by breach of any of our physical, technical, or managerial safeguards.
If you are unsure of giving your credit card over the Internet, please feel free to phone, fax, or mail your order to us. For telephone ordering or assistance, please call 800.632.2320. Our fax number for orders is 800.319.2551. Or send your order to:
AFCO Performance Group Attn: Order Processing 977 Hyrock Blvd. Boonville, IN 47601.
If you have any further questions regarding our data security practices, please contact us at 800.632.2320 or email us at apgccpa@afcoracing.com.
Children’s Privacy
We do not knowingly collect Personal Information from children under the age of 16, nor do we market or direct our services or products to children under the age of 16.  If we determine that we have erroneously collected Personal Information from a child under 16 years old, we will immediately undertake to delete that data from our records. If you believe that a child under 16 may have provided us with Personal Information, please contact us at apgccpa@afcoracing.com.
California residents who are under the age of 18 may also request and obtain removal of their Personal information by emailing us at apgccpa@afcoracing.com.