https://www.davidmellordesign.com/terms-and-conditions/
Your Currency:
British Pound - GBP
Euro - EUR
Japanese Yen - JPY
US Dollar - USD
Contact Us
My Account
Basket
0
£0.00
Basket
0
£0.00
Recently added item(s)
×
You have no items in your shopping cart.
Search:
Home
/
Terms & Conditions
Who we are
David Mellor CBE, RDI Biography
David Mellor Key Designs
David Mellor Short Chronology
Corin Mellor Biography
Corin Mellor Key Designs
David Mellor Cutlery
The Round Building
Making David Mellor Cutlery
Visitor Centre
The Country Shop
Design Museum
Café
The Round Building
Shops
The Country Shop
Marylebone
Sloane Square
Services
Wedding Lists
Trade and hospitality
Customer Service
Contact Us
Delivery
Returns Policy
Terms & Conditions
Privacy Policy
Terms & conditions
Please read these terms and conditions carefully before placing an order with David Mellor Design. By placing an order with David Mellor Design you signify your agreement to be bound by these terms and conditions.
Definitions
Conditions – means these terms and conditions.
Cookies – means small text files which our Website places on your computer to store information about your shopping and browsing session and to identify your computer.
Personal information – means the details provided by you for order creation and account registration.
Product – means a product listed for sale on our Website.
Users – means the users of the Website collectively.
We/us – means David Mellor Design Ltd.
Website – means the website located at www.davidmellordesign.com or any subsequent URL which may replace it.
You – means a user of this Website.
Privacy
Please review our Privacy Policy, which also governs your use of our Website, to understand our practices.
Contract creation and electronic contracting
The technical steps required to create the contract between You and Us are as follows:
You will be guided through the process of placing an order by a series of simple instructions on the website. You create an offer to Us to buy the Product(s) in your order by pressing the “place order” button at the end of the checkout process.
We will send an order acknowledgement email to You detailing the Product(s) that You have ordered. The “order acknowledgement email” is just an acknowledgement that We have received your order and does not confirm acceptance of your offer to buy the Product(s) ordered.
As your goods are shipped from our warehouse We will send You a “despatch confirmation email”.
Order acceptance and the completion of the contract between You and Us will take place on the despatch to You of the Product(s) ordered unless we have notified You that We do not accept your order, or You have cancelled it.
Non-acceptance of an order may be a result of one of the following:
The product You ordered being unavailable from stock.
Our inability to obtain authorisation for your payment.
The identification of a pricing or product description error.
You not meeting the eligibility to order criteria set out in the main Terms & Conditions.
David Mellor Quality
If any product does not meet with your expectations return it within 14 days of purchase, unused, in its original packaging, and with a relevant receipt. We will issue a refund or replacement as requested. This undertaking is in addition to and does not affect your statutory rights.
Your right of cancellation and Consumer Contracts Regulations 2013
This legislation offers You the following cancellation rights when You buy online or by phone:
Unless one of the exceptions listed below applies, You can cancel your order without giving any reason within 14 days from the day on which You or a third party indicated by You (other than the carrier) receives the goods purchased.
To exercise the right to cancel, You must inform Us of your decision to cancel your contract by a clear statement, including details of your name, geographical address, details of the order you wish to cancel and, where available, your phone number and email address.
You can cancel by email: sales@davidmellordesign.co.uk, call 01433 650220, or write to: David Mellor Design Mail Order, The Round Building, Hathersage, Sheffield, S32 1BA.
If you wish to exercise your right of cancellation, You are obliged to retain possession of the goods and take reasonable care of them.
Effect of cancellation
If you decide to cancel, You should return the goods to Us at your cost within 14 days of such cancellation and We will reimburse to You (by the method used to pay for the original transaction) the amount in relation to goods to which cancellation rights apply.
We may make a deduction from the reimbursement for loss in value of any goods supplied, if the loss is the result of unnecessary handling by You. We will make the reimbursement no later than 14 days after the day We receive back from You any goods supplied.
Exceptions to the right of cancellation
Your right to return products does not apply to:
Goods made to your specification or that have been clearly personalised.
Goods which by reason of their nature are liable to deteriorate or expire rapidly.
Goods which are not suitable for return due to health protection or hygienic reasons if unsealed by you after delivery.
Pricing and availability
Prices shown are in pounds sterling, and exclude the cost of delivery. All prices are inclusive of legally applicable VAT. We reserve the right to amend prices in the event of a change in the rate of VAT or supplier price increases.
We also offer the option of displaying the prices in other currencies. Non-sterling prices are shown for indicative purposes only. Your payment card will be billed in British Pounds Sterling. The local currency amount billed to your statement will vary because the GBP amount is converted using the exchange rate of your credit card company/bank. You may also incur additional currency conversion fees, please check with your financial provider.
We list availability information for products sold by Us on the Website including on each Product information page. Beyond what we say on that page or otherwise on the Website, We cannot be more specific about availability. As We process your order, We will inform You by email as soon as possible if any Product(s) You order turn out to be unavailable and You will not be charged for those Product(s).
Please note that unless We indicate otherwise, delivery times are just estimates. They are not guaranteed delivery times and should not be relied upon as such.
Despite our best efforts, a small number of the items in our catalogue may be mispriced. We will verify pricing when processing your order and before We take payment. If We have made a mistake and a Product's correct price is higher than the price on the Website, We may either contact You before dispatch to request whether You want to buy the product at the correct price or cancel your order. If a product's correct price is lower than our stated price, We will charge the lower amount and send You the Product.
Liability
We take all reasonable care, in so far as it is in our power to do so, to keep the details of your order and payment secure, but in the absence of negligence on our part We cannot be held liable for any loss You may suffer if a third party procures unauthorised access to any data You provide when accessing or ordering from the website.
The information contained in this Website is for general information purposes only. The information is provided by Us and while We endeavour to keep the information up to date and correct, We make no representations or warranties of any kind, express or implied, about the completeness, accuracy, reliability, suitability or availability with respect to the Website or the information, Products, services, or related graphics contained on the Website for any purpose.
The images used on this Website are for illustration purposes. Items may be illustrated alongside others to give context. Colours are as accurate as the photographic and production process will allow and all measurements are approximate. Any reliance You place on such information is therefore strictly at your own risk. In no event will We be liable for any loss or damage including without limitation, indirect or consequential loss or damage, or any loss or damage whatsoever arising from loss of data or profits arising out of, or in connection with, the use of this Website.
Customs
When You order products from Us for delivery outside of the European Union You may be subject to import duties and taxes, which are levied when the package reaches the specified destination. Any additional charges must be borne by You; We do not have control over these charges. Please contact your local customs office for further information as these charges vary from country to country. When ordering from Us please note that You are considered the importer of record and must comply with all laws and regulations of the country in which You are receiving the products. Please also be aware that cross-border deliveries are subject to opening and inspection by customs authorities.
Intellectual property right and use
You acknowledge and agree that all copyright, trademarks and all other intellectual property rights in all material or content supplied as part of the Website shall remain at all times vested in Us or our licensors. You are permitted to use this material only as expressly authorised by Us or our licensors.
You acknowledge and agree that the material and content contained within the Website is made available for your personal non-commercial use only and that You may (if necessary to make a Purchase) download such material and content onto only one computer hard drive for such purpose. Any other use of the material and content of the Website is strictly prohibited. You agree not to (and agree not to assist or facilitate any third party to) copy, reproduce, transmit, publish, display, distribute, commercially exploit or create derivative works of such material and content.
Amendments to the Conditions of Sale
We reserve the right to make changes to our Website, policies, and terms and conditions at any time. You will be subject to the terms and conditions, policies and Conditions of Sale in force at the time that You order Product(s) from Us, unless any change to those terms and conditions, policies or these Conditions of Sale is required to be made by law or government authority (in which case it may apply to orders previously placed by You). If any of these Conditions of Sale is deemed invalid, void, or for any reason unenforceable, that condition will be deemed severable and will not affect the validity and enforceability of any remaining condition.
Sale of Kitchen Knives
Under the Offensive Weapons Act it is an offence to sell knives or any other product that may be perceived as an offensive weapon to persons under the age of 18. Customers must be over 18 and must not order these items for persons under 18. By placing your order for any of these products, You confirm that you have reached the required age. To purchase any item that can be classified as an offensive weapon by the Offensive Weapons Act You must use a credit card to show you are over 18.
Applicable law
These conditions are governed by and construed in accordance with the laws of England, and the application of the United Nations Convention of Contracts for the International Sale of Goods is expressly excluded. Any dispute arising under these terms and conditions shall be subject to the exclusive jurisdiction of the courts of England.
Customer Service
Follow us
Coronavirus update
About us
Careers
Contact us
Trade and hospitality
Wedding lists
Gift vouchers
Visitor Centre
Returns policy
Delivery information
Privacy policy
Terms and Conditions
Subscribe to our email newsletter
View PDF catalogue
Quick Links
Site Map
Search Terms
Advanced Search
Account
My Account
Orders and Returns
Your Currency:
British Pound - GBP
Euro - EUR
Japanese Yen - JPY
US Dollar - USD
Telephone: 01433 650220 email: davidmellor@davidmellordesign.co.uk
David Mellor Design Ltd, The Round Building, Hathersage, Sheffield, S32 1BA Reg# 1679789 EnglandCopyright © David Mellor Design Ltd 2020. All Rights Reserved.
This website requires cookies to provide all of its features. For more information on what data is contained in the cookies, please see our Privacy Policy page. To accept cookies from this site, please click the Allow button below.
Allow