http://www.grandprixlegends.com/customer-service/privacy-policy
Skip to main content
F1 Merchandise
F1 by Brand
All F1 Teams
Mercedes AMG
McLaren
Ferrari
Red Bull Racing
Alfa Romeo Racing
Renault F1 Team
Ayrton Senna
Haas
Sahara Force India
Featured Products
Mercedes-AMG Petronas Motorsport 2020 Team polo shirt in black
Mercedes-AMG Petronas Motorsport 2020 Team T-shirt in white
Mercedes-AMG Petronas Motorsport 2020 Team Rain jacket in black
Mercedes-AMG Petronas Motorsport 2020 Lewis Hamilton cap in white
Mercedes-AMG Petronas Motorsport 2020 Team cap in black
Scuderia Ferrari 2020 Team polo shirt in red
Scuderia Ferrari 2020 Sebastian Vettel T-shirt in red
Scuderia Ferrari 2020 Charles Leclerc T-shirt in red
Scuderia Ferrari 2020 Team soft shell jacket in red
Scuderia Ferrari 2020 Sebastian Vettel cap in red
Aston Martin Red Bull Racing 2020 Team T-shirt
Aston Martin Red Bull Racing 2020 Team hoodie
Aston Martin Red Bull Racing 2020 Team softshell jacket
Aston Martin Red Bull Racing 2020 Max Verstappen T-shirt in orange
Aston Martin Red Bull Racing 2020 Team cap in navy
Moto GP Merchandise
Moto GP by Rider
All Riders
Valentino Rossi
Marc Marquez
Cal Crutchlow
Jorge Lorenzo
Dani Pedrosa
By Rider
All Riders/Teams
Valentino Rossi
Marc Marquez
Cal Crutchlow
Jorge Lorenzo
Dani Pedrosa
Featured Products
Valentino Rossi VR46 2020 The Doctor 46 T-shirt in yellow
Valentino Rossi VR46 2020 Team T-shirt
Valentino Rossi VR46 2020 Yamaha polo
Valentino Rossi VR46 2020 Monster Monza T-shirt
Diecast Models
Motorsport
F1
Rally
Endurance
Touring Cars
Race Bikes
Figures
Other Series
By Brand
AUTOart
Minichamps
Mattel
Norev
Spark
Sun Star
Kyosho
By Driver/Rider
Ayrton Senna
Michael Schumacher
Jenson Button
Lewis Hamilton
Kimi Raikkonen
Felipe Massa
Valentino Rossi
Barry Sheene
Casey Stoner
All Drivers/Riders
DVDs/Books
Media Type
All
Books
Blu-rays
DVDs
Casual
Casual & Lifestyle Clothing
All Brands
Stetson
Steve McQueen
Guy Martin
Vincent
Gifts/Accessories
Gifts & Accessories
All Gifts and Accessories
Signed Products
F1 Models
Signed Art
Art Prints & Photos
Art Prints & Photos
Sale
Clothing & Accessories
All Sale Items
All Mens Clothing
All Ladies Clothing
All Kids Clothing
Caps & Beanies
T-Shirts
Sweats
Accessories
Valentino Rossi
Mercedes AMG
Ferrari
Diecast Models
All Sale Items
F1 Cars
Touring Cars
Rally
Endurance
Dragsters
Figures
Helmets
Other
Artwork & Prints
Books
DVDs
Retro Legends
Retro Legends
T-Sweats
Bags
iPhone Cases
Grey Sweatshirts
Sign In
Register
Customer ServicePrivacy policy
Privacy policy
Internet privacy/cookie policy
Privacy policy
We take privacy issues relating to users of our web sites seriously. We respect your personal information and will hold that information as required by Data Protection legislation. This privacy policy explains what information we will collect about you, how we will use it and the steps we will take to ensure that it is kept secure. If you have any questions about this privacy policy or the privacy practices of this site you can contact help@grandprixlegends.com. By using this web site you consent to us collecting and using personal information about you on the terms set out in this policy. We may update this Privacy Policy from time to time, so please check back here regularly.
What information we collect
Information related to your visit to this site (such as which pages you visit, how often you visit and which products you look at) and the information you supply when registering (such as your name, e-mail address, address, telephone numbers and credit/debit cards details) will be held and stored by us on our 128 bit SSL secured server. We also gather information about what products you order and also keep information about your order history.
How we will use your information
With your permission we will use your information to supply you with the latest information on our products. We may supply aggregated statistics about the use of our site to third parties, but these statistics will not directly identify you. We will also use your information to tell you about any of our offers, products or services that we think might interest you.
From time to time, we will send you targeted advertising and marketing messages on behalf of third parties. We will also share your information with reputable third parties whose products or services we think will really interest you and those third parties will get in touch with you directly to tell you about their products or services. If you do not wish us to use your information as set out in this paragraph you should ensure that the relevant tick box is un-ticked during the registration process. To change your details please contact help@grandprixlegends.com.
By supplying us with your information you confirm that you do not consider use of your information in accordance with this Privacy Policy to be a breach of any of your rights under the Telecommunications (Data Protection and Privacy) Regulations 1999. You should be aware that if we are requested by the police or any regulatory or government authority investigating suspected illegal activities to provide your personal details and/or information concerning your activities whilst visiting this site, we shall do so.
Cookies
A cookie is a piece of information that is stored on your hard drive by your web browser. We use cookies so as to be able to recognize you when you visit our site and to keep track of when you are logged in to your account. We do not store any of your personal details in a cookie except for a unique ID which links you to your account details. Only we can identify you from this unique ID.
How we keep your information secure
Keeping your information secure is very important to us. We will use all reasonable measures to safeguard your data but please note that we cannot guarantee that any data transmission over the Internet is completely secure. To help us provide you with information relating to products and services that we think you will be interested in your data may from time to time be processed and held by third parties outside the European Economic Area. If your information changes or if you wish us to stop using your data at any time, you can email us at help@grandprixlegends.com.
Customer Service
Terms and ConditionsDeliveryReturns PolicyOnline CataloguesScale GuidesContact UsAbout Grand Prix LegendsPrivacy policyCustomer TestimonialsCatalogue Request
Newsletter Sign Up
* Required fields are marked with an asterisk.
Please enter your details.
First Name: *
Last Name: *
Email Address: *
Sign Up