http://www.kennys.ie/terms-and-condition
Australian dollar $
British pound £
Euro €
New Zealand dollar $
United States dollar $
Login/Register
Register
Subscribe
HomeBestsellersBargain BooksChristmas Gift Ideas
Login/Register
Username
Password
Log in
Forgot your password?
Forgot your username?
Create an account
Remember Me
Close Register
Categories
Art & ArchitectureBiographyBusiness & FinanceChildren's & Young AdultComics & Graphic NovelsComputingCrimeDrama & TheatreFictionFiction (Secondhand)Food & DrinkGAA / Irish SportHealth & Personal DevelopmentHistoryHome & GardenIrish HistoryIrish LiteratureLawLeabhair GhaeilgeLiteratureLiterature (Secondhand)Local HistoryMind, Body & SpiritMusic & EntertainmentNatural HistoryPoetryPoliticsReferenceRomanceScience & TechnologySci-Fi & FantasySportTravelOther Categories
Home » Terms & Conditions
These terms and conditions govern the use of Kennys.ie web sites (referred to as "the sites"), as provided by Kennys Bookshop and Art Galleries Ltd (referred to as "we" or "us"), by the user (referred to as "you"). By using the sites, you acknowledge and signify that you have read, understood, and agreed to be bound by these terms and conditions. If you do not accept and agree to these terms and conditions, you may not use the Kennys.ie web sites.
Changes to these Terms and Conditions
We may, at our discretion, change, supplement or amend these Terms and Conditions as they relate to your use of the sites for any reason, and without any prior notice or liability to you or any other person, by posting the modified Terms and Conditions on the Kennys.ie web sites. You may not change, supplement, or amend these Terms and Conditions in any manner. Each time you use the Kennys.ie web sites, you acknowledge and signify that you have understood and agreed to be bound by these Terms and Conditions as they then read.
Your account with Kennys Bookshop and Art Galleries Ltd.
You may not transfer your account to another person, share it with anyone, or use it to impersonate anyone. You agree that you will provide us with accurate account information (such as your real name, valid e-mail and delivery addresses, and accurate, non-fraudulent payment information). We may terminate your account if we are unable to verify or authenticate the information you provide to us. Accounts may only be created by individuals who are able to enter into legally binding and enforceable contracts.
Permission to use the Kennys.ie web sites.
Users of the sites must comply with all applicable laws. Persons in jurisdictions may not use the sites where access to or use of the sites or any part of them may be illegal or prohibited. If you breach any provision of these Terms and Conditions, you may no longer use the Kennys.ie web sites. We may, at our discretion, refuse permission to access and use the sites.The sites are made available to you for your lawful, personal, non-commercial use only. You may access and browse the Kennys.ie web sites only using commercially available, SSL enabled Web browser software. You may print or download the pages of the Kennys.ie web sites for your personal, non-commercial use, provided that you do not modify any of the pages or other content and you do not remove or alter any visible or non-visible identification, marks, notices, or disclaimers.
Returns Policy
Kennys Bookshop and Art Galleries Ltd endeavours to ensure that the condition of every book listed on the sites is as described in those listings. If you are dissatisfied for any reason with any item, you may return your purchase within 30 days for a full refund. Kennys Bookshop and Art Galleries Ltd reimburses shipping costs for returns only if the condition of the item is not as described on our web site. By purchasing from Kennys Bookshop and Art Galleries Ltd, you agree that a full refund with paid shipping will be your sole and exclusive remedy for any book you receive that is not as described on the kennys.ie site, and you waive all other remedies or actions in such event. This does not affect your statutory rights.
Disclaimer
With the exception for the returns policy described previously, Kennys Bookshop and Art Galleries Ltd provides the sites and their contents on an "as is" basis. We make no representations or warranties of any kind, express or implied, with respect to these sites or their operation, contents, or the items sold on the sites. While we make every effort to ensure accuracy of information, Kennys Bookshop and Art Galleries Ltd disclaims any and all representations and warranties, including but not limited to any warranties of merchantability or fitness for a particular purpose to the full extent permitted by applicable law. Furthermore, Kennys Bookshop and Art Galleries Ltd does not warrant that information available on this site is accurate, current, or complete.You are solely responsible for the security of all of the data contained on your computer system prior to accessing or using the Kennys.ie web sites. Kennys Bookshop and Art Galleries Ltd will not under any circumstances be liable to you or any other person for any loss of use, loss of production, loss of income or profits (anticipated or otherwise), loss of markets, economic loss, special, indirect or consequential loss or damage or punitive damages, whether in contract, tort or under any other theory of law or equity, arising from, connected with, or relating to the use of the sites by you or any other person. In no event will our total liability to you or any other person for any claims, proceedings, liabilities, obligations, damages, losses, and costs, whether in contract, tort or under any other theory of law or equity, and regardless of any negligence or other fault or wrongdoing by Kennys Bookshop and Art Galleries Ltd exceed the amount, if any, you have paid Kennys Bookshop and Art Galleries Ltd for products you purchased as a result of the use in question. The exclusion of certain warranties and the exclusion or limitation of certain liabilities is prohibited by law in some jurisdictions. Such limitations may apply to you. The warranty disclaimer and liability exclusion and limitation clauses survive indefinitely after the termination of this Agreement.
Advice
The Kennys.ie web sites are not intended to be a comprehensive or detailed statement concerning the matters addressed; professional or expert advice or recommendations; or an offer or recommendation to sell or buy any book or other item, product or service. You should seek appropriate, qualified professional advice and recommendations before acting or committing to act based upon any information provided on or through the sites.
Confirmation of Communication with Kennys Bookshop and Art Galleries Ltd Communications sent to Kennys Bookshop and Art Galleries Ltd by means of the Kennys.ie web sites or email are not considered delivered or effective unless and until they are actually received and processed by a responsible representative from Kennys Bookshop and Art Galleries Ltd.
Copyright Infringement
Kennys Bookshop and Art Galleries Ltd make every effort to ensure that all necessary permissions have been obtained for material reproduced on the sites. You may report any claims or concerns (including copyright infringement claims) regarding the sites or their content by sending an email to This email address is being protected from spambots. You need JavaScript enabled to view it..
Ownership of the Kennys.ie web sites
The Kennys.ie web sites and their content (including all information in text, graphical, video and audio forms, images, icons, software, design, applications and other elements available on or through the Websites) are the property of Kennys Bookshop and Art Galleries Ltd, and are protected by international copyright and other laws. Your use of the sites does not transfer to you any ownership or other rights in the Kennys.ie web sites or their content.
Links to other Sites
The sites may include references to, advertisements for, and links to, other web sites or businesses operated by other persons. These sites and businesses are independent from Kennys Bookshop and Art Galleries Ltd, and Kennys Bookshop and Art Galleries Ltd has no responsibility or liability for or control over these sites or businesses. These links, references and advertisements are provided solely for your convenience. Kennys Bookshop and Art Galleries Ltd does not sponsor or endorse any business other than those belonging to Kennys Bookshop and Art Galleries Ltd. The use of other sites is at the risk of the user and you shall not make any claim against Kennys Bookshop and Art Galleries Ltd. Ltd arising out of your use of any other sites.
Your Use of the Kennys.ie web sites
You agree that you will not use any robot, spider, other automatic device, or any manual process to monitor, copy, modify, distribute, or publish any web pages within the sites or the content contained thereon without our prior written consent. You also agree that you will not frame any portion of the Kennys.ie web sites without our prior written consent.The scraping or data mining of the Kennys.ie web sites or any of their content in any form and by any method is strictly prohibited.
Privacy Policy
Kennys.ie web sites collect, use and disclose your personal information in accordance with our Privacy Policy, which may be viewed by clicking the link provided. We may change the Privacy Policy from time to time at our discretion. Each time you use the Website, you consent to our Privacy Policy as it then reads without any further notice or any liability to you or any other person.
Other Matters
These Terms and Conditions and all related matters are governed and interpreted in accordance with Irish law, and you consent to the non-exclusive jurisdiction of the Irish courts.If any provision of these Terms and Conditions is found to be unlawful, void, or for any reason unenforceable, then that provision shall be deemed to be severed from the rest of these Terms and Conditions and shall not affect the validity and enforceability of any remaining provisions.No consent or waiver by either party to or of any breach by the other party of these Terms and Conditions will be deemed or construed to be a consent to or waiver of a continuing breach or any other breach of these Terms and Conditions by that party. No consent or waiver will be effective unless in writing and signed by both parties. You expressly request and require that these Terms and Conditions be drawn up in the English language.Any rights not expressly granted in these Terms and Conditions are reserved to Kennys Bookshop and Art Galleries LtdThese Terms and Conditions are subject to change without notice.
Kenny's Bookshop and Art Galleries Ltd.