https://www.techcables.com/privacy.php
Welcome, Guest! - (Log In)
Your cart is empty.
SEARCH:
Categories
Camcorders / Cameras    Composite A/V RCA    Component Video HDTV    S-Video    Audio - RCA    Audio - 3.5mm Mini Plug    Audio - "Y" splitters    Audio - Optical / Toslink    Audio - XLR / TS / TRS    Speaker Wire    USB / Firewire / Data    Power    Coaxial    RF Adapters & Connectors    Soldering
information
About Us Shipping & Returns Privacy Notice Terms & Conditions Contact Us
Top » Privacy Notice
Our Commitment To Privacy
Your privacy is important to us. To better protect your privacy we provide this notice explaining our online information practices and the choices you can make about the way your information is collected and used.
The Information We Collect
This notice applies to all information collected or submitted on the TechCables.com website. On this website you can order products, and register to receive materials. The types of personal information collected at these pages are:
Name
Address
Email address
How We Use Information
We use the information you provide about yourself when placing an order only to complete that order. We do not share this information with outside parties except to the extent necessary to complete that order.
We use return email addresses to answer the email we receive. Such addresses are not used for any other purpose and are not shared with outside parties.
We use non-identifying and aggregate information to better design our website. We do not share that information with other parties under any circumstance.
Finally, we never use or share the personally identifiable information provided to us online in ways unrelated to the ones described above without also providing you an opportunity to opt-out or otherwise prohibit such unrelated uses.
How To Correct Your Information
You can access all your personally identifiable information that we collect online and maintain, and also correct factual errors in your personally identifiable information by logging into your account using the email address and password that you selected when you registered for the account.
How To Contact Us
Should you have other questions or concerns about these privacy policies, we can be reached by clicking on the "Contact Us" link in the side menu.
We respect your privacy, and we thank you for visiting TechCables.com.
Copyright © 2004-2020 TechCables LLCWe are located in Tucson, Arizona USA