http://www.unifit.co.uk/terms-and-conditions/
Appliances
Cooker Hobs
Cookerhoods
Cookers & Ovens
Freezers
Fridge Freezers
Fridges
Microwaves
Dishwashers
Tumble Dryers
Washer Dryers
Washing Machines
Small Domestic Appliances
Coffee Machines
Egg Boilers
Kettles
Kitchen Equipment
Kitchen Scales
Milk Frothers
Party Cooking
Personal Care
Toasters
Yoghurt Makers
Cleaning
Appliance Care & Cleaning
Cooker & Oven Cleaning
Cookerhood Cleaning
Dishwasher Cleaning
Fridge Freezer Cleaning
Hob Cleaning
Microwave Cleaning
Small Appliance Cleaning
Tumble Dryer & Washing Machine Cleaning
Carpet & Floor Cleaning
Carpet Cleaning Powder
Carpet Cleaning Solutions
Steam Cleaner Cloth Pads
Steam Cleaner Solutions
Vacuum Cleaner Paper Dust Bags
Vacuum Cleaner Fresheners
Cloths, Dusters & Mops
Blind Cleaners
Dusters
E-Cloths
Floor Dusters
Mops & Mop Heads
Floor & Vacuum Cleaners
Carpet Sweepers
Cordless Vacuum Cleaners
Cylinder & Tub Vacuum Cleaners
Handheld Vacuum Cleaners
Hard Floor & Steam Cleaners
Robot Vacuum Cleaners
Wet & Dry Vacuum Cleaners
Household Cleaning
Descaling
Drain Unblocking
Glass & Window Cleaning
Handwash
Mildew & Mold Remover
Multi Surface Cleaning
Stainless Steel Cleaning
Waste Disposal Cleaning
Unifit Cleaning Products
Washing Up
Karcher
Karcher Cleaning Chemicals
Karcher Pressure Washer Spares
Window Vacuum Spares
Floorcare
Bissell Spares
Carpet & Floor Cleaning
Carpet Cleaning Powder
Carpet Cleaning Solutions
Karcher Cleaning Solutions
Steam Cleaning Solutions
Vacuum Cleaner Fresheners
Steam Cleaner Spares
Steam Cleaner Cloths
Steam Cleaner Spares
Floor Cleaners
Carpet Sweepers
Hard Floor & Steam Cleaners
Vacuum Cleaner Spares
Vacuum Cleaner Bags
Belts
Body Parts
Brushes & Brush Rolls
Carbon Brushes & Motors
Electrical Components
Filters
Hoses & Handles
Tools
Vacuum Cleaners
Cordless Vacuum Cleaners
Cylinder & Tub Vacuum Cleaners
Handheld Vacuum Cleaners
Robot Vacuum Cleaners
Wet & Dry Vacuum Cleaners
Numatic
Henry Hoover
Hetty Hoover
Harry Hoover
Charles Hoover
George Hoover
James Hoover
Window Vacuum Cleaners
Window Vacuum Cleaners
Window Vacuum Spares
Garden & Outdoor
ALM Garden Power Tool Spares
Chainsaw Spares
Fuel Cans, Oil & Engine Spares
Grass Trimmer Spares
Hedge Trimmer Spares
Lawnmower Spares
Shredder Spares
BBQ & Accessories
BBQ Accessories
BBQ's
Car Care
Karcher
Cleaning & Storage
Bruns Storage Solutions
Cleaning Chemicals
Karcher
Severin
Karcher
Karcher Cleaning Chemicals
Karcher Pressure Washer Spares
Window Vacuum Spares
Greenhouse Spares
Bolts & Nuts
Glazing Clips & Strips
Sliding Door Wheel Kits
Outdoor Electrical & Lighting
Extension Cables & Reels
LED Decking & Ground Lights
LED Flood Lights
LED Wall Lights
RCD Plugs & Sockets
Safety Clothing & PPE
Personal Protective Equipment (PPE)
Home Essentials
Audio Visual & Electrical Accessories
Audio Leads
Cable & Cable Management
Doorbells
Fuses, Plugs & Timers
Mobile Phone & Telephone Accessories
Sockets & Switches
Television Accessories
Bathroom Accessories
Bath Mats & Hair Sieves
Bathroom Baskets & Shelves
Bathroom Bins
Bathroom Mirrors & Scales
Shower Accessories
Soap Dish Holders & Dispensers
Toilet Brushes & Toilet Roll Holders
Tooth Brush Holders & Tumblers
Towel Holders & Rails
Batteries & Chargers
9V Batteries
AA Batteries
AAA Batteries
Battery Chargers & Rechargeable Batteries
C Batteries
Coin Cell & Watch Batteries
D Batteries
Specialist Batteries
Dehumidifiers & Moisture Absorbers
Dehumidifiers
Moisture Traps & Refills
DIY & Storage Essentials
Adhesives, Silicones & Sealants
Lubricants & Oils
Paints
Tapes
Tools & Storage
Fire & Home Safety
Baby & Toddler Safety
Carbon Monoxide Alarms
Fire Blankets
Fire Extinguishers
Heat Alarms
Smoke Alarms
Heating & Plumbing Spares
Electric Fire Bars
Gas Fire Spares
Immersion Heater Spares
Pipe Fittings
Plumbing & Drain Kits
Storage Heater Spares
Taps & Valves
Pest Control
Electronic Pest Control
Garden Pest Control
Insect Pest Control
Mouse & Rat Control
Leifheit
Leifheit Cleaning
Leifheit Laundry
Leifheit Kitchen
Soehnle
Bathroom Scales
Kitchen Scales
Wenko
Wenko Bathroom Accessories
Wenko Kitchen Accessories
Wenko Turbo-Loc
Wenko Vacuum-Loc
Kitchen
Cooker & Oven Spares
Cabinet Parts & Door Parts
Cooker Care & Installation
Cooker Knobs
Electrical Components
Gas Components
Grill & Oven Spares
Grill Pans & Oven Shelves
Hobs & Controls
Cookerhood Spares
Cabinet Parts
Cookerhood Care & Essentials
Electrical Components
Filters
Motors & Fans
Venting
Dishwasher Spares
Baskets & Basket Parts
Cabinet Parts & Door Parts
Dishwasher Care & Installation
Electrical Components
Elements & Heaters
Hoses & Valves
Motors & Pumps
Spray Arms
Filters
Fridge Freezer Spares
Cabinet Parts
Compressors,
Driers & Gases
Doors & Door Parts
Drawers, Fronts & Shelves
Drink Dispenser & Ice Maker Spares
Electrical Components
Evaporators & Heaters
Filters
Fridge Care & Installation
Beko Spares
Microwave Spare Parts
Cabinet Parts
Doors & Door Parts
Electrical Components
Liners & Wave Guides
Microwave Care & Installation
Turntables & Rollers
Small Domestic Appliance Spares
Coffee Machine Spares & Accessories
Iron Spares & Accessories
Kettle Spares
Pressure Cooker Spares
Toaster Spares
Small Domestic Appliance Manufacturers
Water Boiler Spares
Fat Fryer Spares
Laundry
Ironing
Bobble & Fluff Removal
Iron Care & Cleaning
Iron Filters
Ironing Board Covers
Ironing Boards
Irons & Travel Irons
Laundry Care & Washing
Bobble & Fluff Removal
Dry Cleaners Secret
Stain Removers & Whiteners
Washing Powder & Conditioners
Laundry Drying
Clothes Airers & Stands
Clothes Pegs & Peg Baskets
Rotary Washing Lines
Wall Mounted Washing Lines
Tumble Dryer Spares
Cabinets & Cabinet Parts
Clips, Connectors, Hoses & Valves
Condensing & Venting
Doors & Door Parts
Drums & Drum Parts
Electrical Components
Elements, Motors & Pumps
Fluff Filters
Tumble Dryer Care & Essentials
Washing Machine Spares
Cabinets & Cabinet Parts
Doors & Door Parts
Drums & Drum Parts
Electrical Components
Elements, Motors & Pumps
Filters
Hoses
Inlet Valves & Solenoids
Washing Machine Care & Cleaning
Lighting
Appliance Bulbs
Cooker & Oven Lamps
Cookerhood Lamps
Fire Glow Bulbs
Fridge Freezer Lamps
Microwave Lamps
Sewing Machine Lamps
Tumble Dryer Lamps
Commercial Lighting
Bay Lighting
Catering Lamps
Down Lights
Flood Lights
Panel Lights
Tube Lights
Candle Bulbs
BC Lamps
SBC Lamps
ES Lamps
SES Lamps
Capsule Bulbs
G4 Lamps
G9 Lamps
Fluorescent Tubes And Strip Lamps
2D Lamps
PL-C Tubes
PL-L Tubes
PL-S Tubes
PL-T Tubes
Starters
Strip Lights
T5 Tubes
GLS Bulbs
BC Lamps
ES Lamps
Golf Ball And Globe Bulbs
BC Lamps
SBC Lamps
ES Lamps
SES Lamps
Head Lights & Torches
Head Torches
Torches
Work Lights
Indoor & Outdoor Lights
Garden & Outdoor Lights
Indoor Lights
Light Fittings & Switches
Light Fittings
Light Switches
Pygmy Bulbs
BC Lamps
SBC Lamps
SES Lamps
Spot Lights
GU10 Lamps
MR11 Lamps
MR16 Lamps
PAR Lamps
R38 Spot Lamps
R39 Spot Lamps
R50 Spot Lamps
R63 Spot Lamps
R80 Spot Lamps
New Lines
Home
Current: Terms And Conditions
Terms And Conditions
The 'Small Print' as we call it has to be here. Both Homespares and you, our customer have to abide by what we say and do. They are pretty straightforward. You are certainly not signing up to give us all your precious assets and the only time they really need to be read is if either party is being completely unreasonable. I'm sure you will agree that we don't want to keep Lawyers happy!
Here goes.
Our terms and conditions comply with UK legislation and are designed to ensure that our customers can shop easily and with confidence with www.homespares.co.uk. Please read them carefully and print a copy for reference at the time you make an order.
We reserve the right to change these terms and conditions at any time and without notice. Any such changes will take effect when posted on the website and it is your responsibility to read these terms each time you place an order. By placing an order you are indicating your acceptance to be bound by the latest terms and conditions. A full copy of the current terms and conditions are also available by applying in writing.
Manufacturer's names and numbers are used for reference purposes only. We offer original and or Homespares Replacement alternatives which are highlighted accordingly.
These terms and conditions only cover www.homespares.co.uk. Any other web sites to which you link from this site are governed by their own terms and conditions. We accept no responsibility or liability for the content of the websites which are not under our control.
These terms and conditions do not affect your legal rights. We are required by law to tell you that sales can be concluded in English only and that we do not file copies of customer contracts.
www.homespares.co.uk belongs to of Homespares Centres Limited, Firwood Industrial Estate, Thicketford Road, Bolton, Greater Manchester, BL2 3TR, registered in England, No. 762971, VAT Number GB 148 196149.
Health & Safety
We take your health & safety very seriously.
All parts supplied by Homespares are designed and manufactured to the highest standards and quality controlled at several stages to ensure that they are suitable for use. All parts must only be used for the purpose for which they were designed and used within safe limits.
Safe installation and use
Please read the following safety information carefully:
1. Parts should only be fitted by a suitably qualified or competent person in accordance with any manufacturer's instructions.
2. Ensure appliances are disconnected from the electricity and other supplies before performing any work on them and that any necessary earth continuity or insulation resistance tests are performed before reconnecting.
3. Gas appliance parts should only be fitted and tested and inspected by a registered CORGI/Gas Safe engineer.
4. If in doubt, ALWAYS get a Professional to repair your appliance
For products that carry a HAZCHEM symbol, further product information and COSHH sheets are available here detailing emergency use and telephone helplines.
Homepares cannot be held responsible for any loss, damage or injury arising from your actions or from improperly fitted parts.
Your statutory rights are not affected.
Should you have any further questions regarding health & safety, please do not hesitate to contact our customer services team.
Site Usage Policy
The contents of this website are the copyright of www.homespares.co.uk, Homespares Centres Limited or other copyright owners and are protected by copyright law. All brand names and product names used on this site are registered trademarks or trade names of their respective holders. You may read and print only the material contained on this website solely for personal and non-commercial use.
By visiting this website you agree not to intentionally misuse it. This website may contain hyperlinks to other websites unrelated to us; we are not responsible for the content or practices of such websites. Service on this website may occasionally be interrupted and errors may occur. Use of this website is governed by English law and under the exclusive jurisdiction of the courts in England.
Use of Website Content
You may read and print only the material contained on this website solely for personal and non-commercial use. You are not permitted to publish, store, transmit, show or play in public, change or adapt the content of this website in any way for any purpose whatsoever. Any content obtained from this site and found to be being used for commercial use, such as images or video or product data, will be subject to a minimum charge of £500 per item per month.
You agree not to adapt, alter or create any derivative work from any material on this site, or to restrict or inhibit the use or enjoyment of this site by anyone else. It is not permitted to create any link to or from this website without prior written consent.
Errors and Omissions
We endeavour to ensure that the information on this site is accurate. However, should an error occur in the pricing or description of a product that you have ordered, you will be contacted as soon as possible and given the choice to cancel or proceed with your order.
Authorisation of Use
Any person is authorised to view the information, images and all other content posted on this website. We may modify the terms and conditions of use at any time without prior notice, and such modifications shall become effective upon posting on the website. We reserve the right to restrict access to its website and the content within. All users are responsible to review regularly the contents of the terms and conditions found on the website.
Promotional Codes
At times we may choose to offer promotional or discount codes. The use of such codes is restricted. Only one discount or promotional code may be used per order.
Age Requirements
It is illegal to sell 'age restricted' products to people under the required age. We offer several 'age restricted' products on this website, including knives and solvents. By placing an order for any product through the Site, you warrant that:
you are legally capable of entering into binding contracts; and
you (and the recipient of the product if applicable) are at least 18 years old.
This policy covers only the website www.homespares.co.uk. Any other websites which may be linked to by this website are subject to their own policy, which may differ from ours.
Returns Policy
We hope you love what you buy from Homespares and you have no problems with your purchase. However, sometimes things do go wrong or if you do change your mind then this is our returns policy.
You have 30 days to return something.
Special Order Products
Unfortunately, because an item(s) has been specially ordered in for you, other than for damaged or faulty products we will not accept for return any item under any circumstances.
Who pays for return postage costs
If the item was not as described, doesn’t work or damaged then we will pay the return purchase costs. We will provide a return postage address and additional return postage information to you.
If you change your mind about a purchase and want to return it, then you're responsible for return postage charges and making sure that we actually receive it. We cannot be held responsible for returns we don’t receive.
How to return an item
Contact us via returns@homespares.co.uk or telephone us on 01204 567131 to let us
us know your name, what you would like to return, a reason for returning and the invoice number for the item(s) you would like to return.
If the item is a Part, we also need the manufacturer, model number and serial number of your appliance.
We will issue you with a returns number.
Guidelines for how to return an unwanted item
Item(s) must be returned in the same condition in which they were received.
Unused, unaltered, with no damage or signs of use outside of the listed item condition or how it was received. All items must be intact
Item(s) should be returned with original unopened product packaging: boxes, UPCs, bags or any items used to wrap and protect the item
Must include all items that were included in the original package, such as cords, cables, remote controls, manuals, warranty and rebate cards, free gifts or bonus items.
Items must have original tags, labels, and/or any accompanying materials that were originally included.
Parts & accessories that have been installed will not be eligible for return in any circumstances.
You will be liable for loss in value of the item if it's returned in a different condition, or if the item is not packaged securely to prevent damage in shipment.
In the event that an item is not returned to Homespares in the same condition we will deduct the amount of loss and give you a partial refund.
Where shipping is included in the original cost of the item, a deduction of £2.50 will also be deducted from the refund.
Privacy Policy
We take your privacy rights as a customer seriously. In this Privacy Policy, references to "we" and "us" are to Homespares - Homespares Centres Limited, company number 762971, registered office Harewood House, Union Road, Bolton BL2 2HE, trading from Firwood Industrial Estate, Thicketford Road, Bolton BL2 3TR as well as all websites connected to the company including but not exclusive www.homespare.com, www.homespares.co.uk, www.unifit.co.uk, www.severinuk.com, www.how-to-repair.com
By using this site and others owned by Homespares, by submitting any personal data, you agree to the use by Homespares of such data in accordance with this privacy statement
Homespares are 100% committed to respecting your personal privacy and protecting information about you. The following notes explain how we collect, process and protect any information that you give us.
Homespares is registered as a Data Controller with the Data Protection Regulator, Information Commissioner's Office. Our registration number is ZA227978. We only collect or use personal information for those purposes indicated in our notification with the Information Commissioners Office. www.ico.org
Data Security
We do not store credit or debit card details.
Any personal information we collect from you will be used in accordance with the Data Protection Act 1998 and other applicable laws and regulations such as the Privacy Electronic Communication Regulations.
The details we collect will be used
To process your order, maintain accounts and records and provide a great customer service and experience. We may need to pass your details to delivery companies, credit card clearing agencies or other sub suppliers. We will only pass on the information that they need to perform their function.
To carry out security checks (this may involve passing your details to Credit Safe Limited, or another credit reference agency, who will check details we give them against public and private databases and may keep a record of that check to use in future security checks - this helps to protect you and us from fraudulent transactions)
To comply with legal requirements
For the purpose of understanding our customers better - we may pass on information for feedback, research or profiling purposes. We will only pass on the information that they need to perform their function.
To send you marketing information. Which you always have the option of opting out of.
For the purpose of understanding our customers better - we may pass on information for feedback, research or profiling purposes. We will only pass on the information that they need to perform their function.
The personal data you submit to us will only be retained for as long as is reasonably required for the purposes for which it was collected, or as required by law.
What data do we collect?
We hold your information for the purpose of administering your account, fulfilling orders and marketing.
During registration and ordering processes we may collect some or all of the following information. This list is non exhaustive.
Delivery address
Your contact telephone numbers (to enable us to contact you in the event of a query)
Your e-mail address
For credit / debit card purchases your card details
Confirmation that you are over 18 years of age (this is required to ensure inappropriate goods are not shipped to minors)
Type of business/Sector
Other information relevant to customer surveys and/or offers
Information relevant to opening a credit account.
If you have registered you may check or amend your personal details by logging into your account on the website.
You may also check all information kept, amend or remove your personal details by contacting us, writing to us or telephoning us details of which are at the bottom of this policy.
We also collect non-personal information on general website usage such as how people arrive at and navigate the website, and how visitors use the pages offered. This information provides essential feedback for us showing the effectiveness of our online marketing and helps us continually improve our website. This information is not directly correlated against individuals.
Email & Telephone Data
Homespares is part of WML Industrial Holdings Limited which includes Adboards, Exserve and Millfield Estates (Bolton) Limited. From time to time we may contact you with information and offers from other parts of our group. You may opt out of this at any time by contacting us, writing to us or telephoning us details of which are at the bottom of this policy.
We will never pass on your email address or telephone to any 3rd party for the purposes of marketing any other products or services not supplied by the company. We may transfer your details to one of our sub suppliers for the contractual purposes of administering your order.
Marketing and updating your contact preferences
By buying or registering an account with Homespares we feel you would like to be kept informed about our products. We will therefore send you catalogues, emails and offers unless you have told us otherwise.
Our communications are designed to tell you about the benefits we can offer, so that you have exclusive access to our best deals. We use the information we have about you to tailor the content and try to ensure that the offers are as relevant to you as possible.
You can update your contact preferences at any time by writing to us or telephoning us details of which are at the bottom of this policy.
Transfer of Data
From time to time the information you have provided may be transferred overseas.
When this is needed, information is only shared within the European Economic Area (EEA). Any transfers made will be in full compliance with all aspects of the Data Protection Act.
Terms of Sale
Orders are accepted by Homespares Centres Limited, hereinafter referred to as 'Homespares' only on these Conditions of Sale. 'The Customer' means the person who has contracted with the Company for the purchase of goods. Terms proffered by the purchaser shall not apply.
1. Opening an account
A prospective customer that wishes to place orders with Homespares is requested to complete an application form. In case of a credit application, the credit application form will be passed onto a third party credit-referencing bureau for approval. Until the application has proved acceptable to Homespares, customers will only be supplied on a payment at time of order basis.
After accepting the prospective customer as a Customer, an account number will be provided to the Customer and the Company will be able to accept orders under and subject to these Conditions Of Sale. Account numbers must always be quoted when placing an order.
2. Orders, Price Lists and Catalogues
Homespares reserves the right to alter any of its pricing structures and lists without prior notice. All previous lists are cancelled. Prices are quoted in GBP £ Sterling exclusive of VAT which will be an additional charge payable by the Customer and calculated at the rate applicable at the date of supply. In the event that payment is received in any other currency, the debt will not be deemed as settled until all bank charges and exchange charges incurred by The Company have been paid in full by the Customer.
Goods will be charged at the price ruling at the date of despatch except for bona fide contract orders accepted by the Company at a fixed price when they were placed.
Special offers are available within dates specified and subject to stock availability.
The Customer will be responsible for the full cost on any special requirements relating to goods not deemed to be normal stock items.
Any item specifically ordered for a Customer and which is not a normal stock item cannot be cancelled once ordered and cannot be accepted back for credit once delivered.
Orders given, quoting part numbers, from our range of products are processed without delay. Orders by description or with inadequate information will take longer to process and may result in errors.
All orders are subject to a minimum order charge as ruling at the time of order acceptance.
Where delivery is by instalments, part deliveries shall be deemed to constitute separate contracts.
The prices given in all quotations, specifications or contracts are based on the full quantities shown therein and the Company reserves the right to revise prices in the event of the quantities or the nature of the order being altered.
On picking your order if Homespares finds a part not available on the day, it will be placed on backorder. Cancellation in this instance is at the Customer's discretion except in the case of special orders. Backorder parts will be invoiced at the prevailing prices, at the time of despatch, which may differ from the quoted price at the time of order.
Copy invoices will be charged at £0.75 per copy plus VAT.
Catalogues, price lists, specifications and other advertising matter are only an indication of the types of products offered and no particulars therein shall be binding on the Company.
All prices and products therein are subject to alteration or withdrawal from time to time without notice. All prices indicated are given as a guide only and may vary and are subject to VAT at the prevailing rate. The Company reserves the right to alter any of its pricing structures without prior notice.
Nothing in the printed price list shall be deemed to constitute an offer and the Company reserves the right to refuse or accept any order. Placing an order implies the acceptance of these terms of trading and shall be part of any contract entered into.
All references to manufacturers' names or model or part numbers and any depiction by photographs or drawings are solely for reference and identification purposes. There is no connection or endorsement implied with the original assemblers in case it is not a genuine product.
Information detail is gathered with due diligence to ensure accuracy. The Company cannot accept any responsibility for any alteration of specification, no matter how caused, or any errors, omissions or consequences thereof.
Telephone calls may be monitored for training purposes only.
3. Terms of Payment
Payment of invoices shall be without any deduction or set-off either before despatch, or there where a credit account is provided to the terms notified to you.
If the Customer fails to make payment in full in accordance with sub paragraph a) of this condition, then (without prejudice to any other rights of the Company)
The Company shall be entitled to suspend all or any other deliveries to be made under that or any other contract with the Customer and in such event; the Customer shall not in any respect be released from his obligation to the Company under that or any such other contract.
Instead of suspension in accordance with paragraph a. above, the Company shall be entitled to terminate the relevant contract or any other contract with the Customer in accordance with condition 4 below and to claim damages from the Customer for breach.
The Company reserves the right to alter discounts where applicable and resort to pro-forma payments in advance.
The Company reserves the right at any time to charge interest on a day-to-day basis at an annual rate of 4% over the Sterling base rate announced by the Bank of England; from the due date for payment before as well as after any Judgement that may be obtained
A Customer shall not be entitled to withhold payment of an account payable under a contract with the Company because of a disputed claim of any nature, nor shall the Customer be entitled to set off against any amount payable under the contract to the Company, any monies which are not then presently payable by the Company or for which the Company disputes liability.
4. Termination of Contract & Cancellation
The Company may, without prejudice to the Customer, terminate any contract forthwith if:
The Customer shall commit any breach of any of the terms (including without limitation terms concerning the time for payment of the purchase price) of this or any other contract with the Company and on its part to be observed or performed PROVIDED if such breach is remediable that the Company have previously given to the Customer notice thereof and the same has not been remedied within seven days thereafter.
The Customer compounds with or negotiates for any composition with its creditors generally or permits any judgement against it to remain unsatisfied for seven days.
Being an individual, the Customer shall die or have a receiving order made against him/her or commit any act of bankruptcy.
Being a Company, the Customer shall call any meeting of its creditors or have a receiver of all or any of its assets appointed or enter into any liquidation.
The Customer shall have a right to terminate the contract without prejudice if the Company should call any meeting of its creditors or have a receiver of all or any of its assets appointed or enter into any liquidation.
Cancellations cannot be accepted if the Company has contractually committed itself.
5. Carriage & Despatch
Carriage may be charged extra depending on account type and current charges are available upon request. Times of delivery cannot be guaranteed and the Company cannot be held responsible for errors arising outside of its control. Any times quoted for despatch are to be treated as estimates only and in no circumstances will the Company be liable for loss or damage of any kind whatsoever caused directly or indirectly by any delay in the delivery of the goods. Certain postcode areas are excluded from next day delivery. Details are available through The Company's customer contact centre.
No claim for damage in transit, shortage of delivery or loss of products will be entertained unless the Customer shall have given to the Company written notice of such damage, shortage or loss with reasonable particulars thereof, within three working days of delivery.
Likewise complete non-delivery must be notified within five working days of the invoice date.
Any claims for damage, shortages or losses shall also be notified by the Customer to the carriers in the manner and within the time limit stated in the carriers' terms and conditions. If the Customer fails to give the appropriate notice(s), the Customers claim will be deemed to have been waived and absolutely barred.
Save as regards to provisions as to payment in section e) above, each delivery shall constitute a separate contract and failure or defect in one delivery shall not affect in any way the contract as to each remaining delivery.
Where previously arranged delivery dates have been agreed, then in the event of failure on the Customer's part to accept delivery or postponement of delivery at the Customer's request the Company shall not afterwards be bound to repeat such deliveries. Any relevant and related charges will be payable by the customer.
Notwithstanding sub-clause a) above, if the Company decides either at the Customer's request or on its own initiative to store the goods until such time as the Customer is ready to take delivery thereof, then the Customer shall be liable to pay the Company its reasonable storage charge together with the costs of re-delivery and of all extra loading and unloading costs caused by the Customer's failure to take delivery on the due date. Such goods will be held in stock at the Customer's own risk.
6. Property in the Goods
Title to the goods and materials supplied shall remain with the Company until all monies due from the Customer to the Company on any account have been paid in full.
Until the property in the goods has passed, the Customer will hold the goods in a fiduciary capacity and will not obliterate any identifying mark on the goods or their packaging and will keep the goods separate from any other goods.
The Company may at any time after payment for the goods has become due take possession of the goods (which for the avoidance of doubt will include the right to stop the goods in transit) and remove them and the Customer shall be deemed to have granted irrevocable authority to the Company to enter upon the Customers premises or other premises where the goods may be by its employees or agents to take possession of the goods, and if necessary to dismantle the goods from anything to which they are attached.
If the Company avails itself of such right, the Company will account to the Customer for any expenses incurred by the Company in or about the recovery.
Where the Company is unable to determine whether any goods are the goods, the Customer shall be deemed to have sold all the goods of the kind sold by the Company to the Customer in the order in which they were invoiced to the Customer.
The Company will have the right to maintain an action against the Customer for the price of the goods notwithstanding that property in the goods has not passed.
Notwithstanding the foregoing, risk in the goods shall pass to the Customer when the goods are delivered to the Customer or when the Customer has been notified that the goods are ready for delivery (whichever is earlier).
Should the Company require to employ a Professional Collection Agency or Solicitor to collect any monies due under the contract, the whole cost of such collection, including the professional fees, shall be borne by the Customer.
If the Customer incorporates such goods into other products (with addition of his own goods or those of others) or uses the goods as materials for other products (with or without such addition) the property in those other products is upon such incorporation or use ipso facto transferred to the Company and the Customer as bailey of them for the Company will store the same for the Company in a proper manner without charge to the Company.
7. Customers Requirements
Where any design or construction is produced and supplied to a Customer's specification, the Customer will at all times keep the Company effectually indemnified against all actions and proceedings, costs, claims, damages and expenses and demands whatsoever as a result of any claim or proceedings of whatsoever nature made or brought by a third party arising there from.
If the customer should require any alterations in design specifications, construction or quantities as specified in this contract and the Company agrees to such alterations, then the Company shall be at liberty to revise the purchase price to include any increased costs occasioned by such actions.
Special Orders are non returnable unless the item is damaged or faulty in all circumstances.
8. Claims, Returns, Guarantee and  Complaints
All rules, regulations and procedures with regards to claims and returns are described in our Returns Policy on this page. A copy can be obtained by contacting our customer contact centre.
No complaint that arises from improper installation can be considered. The Company will not accept the return of any goods unless such return has received the prior approval of the Company. The Company's liability for defective material will be limited to replacement value as set out below in Clause 11 and no claims will be considered for labour or other charges in connection with installation or removal.
Complaints with regard to design or visual defects or variation from the Customer's requirements will only be considered prior to the goods being fitted. Complaints of unsuitability, of physical defects or failure to comply with previously specified performance or standards would not be considered. No liability for claims regarding fitness for purpose can be accepted if the quality concerned is used for a location other than that recommended in the appropriate quality standard.
Guarantees quoted apply only to regular priced goods purchased under normal trading conditions.
9. Materials
The Company is constantly endeavouring to improve the quality of its products and therefore reserves the right to alter without prior notice the specification of any product if new and improved materials and methods of manufacture become available.
10. Force Majeure
The performance of all contracts is subject to any act of God, war, strike, lock-out, fire, flood, drought, tempest or any other cause beyond the control of the Company and the Company shall not be held responsible for failure to deliver or comply with a contract due to any such contingency.
11. Liability
The liability of the Company under this contract shall be limited to the replacement value of any goods agreed by the Company to be defective. Goods agreed by the Company as defective will be replaced free of charge as originally ordered or, at the Company's option, appropriate credit will be given providing that notice of any such defect shall have been given in accordance with these conditions. The foregoing is given in lieu of all conditions and warranties of every kind whether express or implied by law or otherwise all of which are expressly excluded and no liability is accepted for damage or loss of any kind whether caused by negligence or otherwise and whether direct or consequential. The Company shall be under no liability whatsoever in respect of any loss or damage to third parties caused directly or indirectly by the goods or arising by reason of their use, and the Customer shall at all times indemnify the Company against such loss or damage.
Products are supplied on condition that the customer undertakes at all times to comply with current legislation (and to draw third parties' attention and require them to take and comply with) all instructions and recommendations issued with or contained on or relating to the products and all reasonable and prudent precautions as to installation, use, maintenance, cleaning and otherwise.
The copyright and all patent and other industrial property rights in the Company's designs, data sheets, packaging and literature shall remain The Company's property and no license there under (except as to the use for which the products are supplied) shall be implied.
12. Waiver
No waiver by the Company (express or implied) of any of these conditions in any contract made with the Purchaser shall prevent The Company from enforcing or relying on these Conditions in full in any subsequent contract made with the Purchaser.
13. Law
All contracts to which these Terms and Conditions of Sale apply shall be governed by and construed in accordance with English Law.