https://www.giftedbasketonline.com/policies/
ShopMenu
Categories
Welcome to Alaska
Welcome to Alaska
Free Shipping
Free Shipping
Christmas Gift Baskets
Christmas Gift Baskets
Birthday Gift Baskets
Birthday Gift Baskets
Get Well Gift Baskets
Get Well Gift Baskets
Bath & Body
Bath & Body
Sympathy Gift Baskets
Sympathy Gift Baskets
Thank You & Congratulations Gift Baskets
Thank You & Congratulations Gift Baskets
Welcome Baby
Welcome Baby
Navigation
About Us
Contact Us
Store Policies
Privacy Policy
Brands
Kahiltna Birchworks
Indian Valley Meats
Alaska Chip Company
Alaska Sausage and Seafood
View all Brands
About Us
Contact Us
Store Policies
Privacy Policy
(907) 522-3553
Due to COVID mandates and restrictions, we must make contact with the recipient before hand delivery.  Please provide a local contact number for your recipient to ensure accurate and timely deliveries.
Home
Store Policies
Store Policies
COVID DELIVERY POLICY Due to COVID mandates and restrictions, we must make contact with the recipient before hand delivery.  Location verification of the recipient, and confirmation the office is open to the public ensures accurate and timely deliveries.   Hours of Operation April 1 - September 20Monday - Thursday 10:00 a.m. - 4:00 p.m. October 1 - March 31Monday - Friday 10:00 a.m. - 4:00 p.m.
The Gift Basket is closed on all major holidays, including Christmas Eve and Christmas Day.
Substitution
We reserve the right to substitute unavailable products with products of equal or greater value.
Orders:
To place an order by phone: Call 907-522-3553. We will be happy to assist you. For custom gifts, please call us, we’ll answer questions, custom-design your gift, and place your order.
To place an order by email: Send requests to giftedbasket@gmail.com. An associate will contact you with any question.
To place an order via our website: Follow the current process for placing your order 24/7. Your gift will be sent within 1-2 days after ordering.
Order Notice: Single orders require a 1-2 day notice. Please allow 2-3 weeks for multiple orders. Rush order gifts (shipments within 24-hours) are available for an additional $10.00.
Custom Orders
Custom orders are welcomed, please call us to discuss your ideas or fill out the Custom Design Request.
Full payment for custom orders are due upon final approval of the design.
Cancellation of custom orders will result in a forfeiture of 50% of the product order cost, plus any expenses for shipping/delivery. No refunds will be given for perishable items.
Shipping
Delivery: We hand deliver in Anchorage bowl area, the fee for the 'bowl' area is $10.00.  Eagle River & Chugiak Hand Delivery is $15.00
Local Delivery: Residential delivery fees vary according to location. To protect your gift, we will need the recipient's phone number (we will not leave the gift outside without the recipient's knowledge). Delivering multiple gifts to one location does not incur a rate for each gift.
Shipping Costs: We ship nationwide from Monday to Thursday. We normally ship USPS unless otherwise requested. Shipping costs are based on size, weight, and destination of the gift. You will be informed of the shipping cost during the gift checkout process.
Special handling fees may apply to oversized items or delivery in a rural area. Local delivery fees typically range from $10.00 to $15.00 depending on address (per location).
Hospitals
The Gifted Basket does not ship to hospitals. Baskets are typically NOT accepted by an Intensive Care Unit.
State of Alaska Law
Gift baskets companies are prohibited from the reselling alcoholic beverages. If you would like to include a bottle of wine, beer, etc in your basket you will need to purchase the alcohol.  We are happy to design the basket and return it you for delivery.
Sustainability
The Gifted Basket recognizes that businesses can have a negative impact on the environment. We are committed to finding ways in which we can reduce the impact of our work both in the office and when work takes us away from the office.
It is our policy to:
Recycle as much waste material as possible, using recycled materials for shipping.
Avoid the use of paper wherever possible. We send invoices and quotes via email using Quickbooks.
Keep energy usage low. We power down all equipment that is not in use, use highly efficient lighting.
Reuse waste paper.
Disclaimers
The Gifted Basket does not ship chocolate products to the continental US between April and September. We reserve the right to substitute similar products of equal or greater value if necessary. A $15 fee will be charged for any package returned to us as undeliverable due to incorrect address.
×
OK
Join our newsletter
Email Address