http://www.barniescoffee.com/pages/privacy-policy
Menu
Shop
Bagged Coffee
Single Serve Cups
Decaf
Crop•Ex Coffee
Tea
Sales & Specials
Santa's White Christmas®
Gift Sets
Subscriptions
Find Us
Café
Inspiration
Our Story
Blog
Press & News
Talk to Us
Login
Copyright © 2020 Barnies Coffee & Tea Co.
POS and Ecommerce by Shopify
Cart
edit cart  |  checkout
Free standard shipping on $35+ orders
0 products in your cart
Total: $ 0.00
Shipping & taxes calculated at checkout
Edit Cart
Search
...
Loading results
Privacy Policy
Personal Information
Barnie's II, Inc., d/b/a/ Barnie's Coffee & Tea Co. respects your privacy.  In general, you can visit Barnie's Coffee & Tea Co. on the web without telling us who you are or revealing any information about yourself. There are times, however, when we may need information from you, such as your full name, home address, e-mail address and phone number. It is our intent to let you know before we collect personal information from you on the Internet.
If you choose to give us personal information through the Internet that we may need to correspond with you or process an order, it is our intent to let you know how we will use this information. If you tell us that you do not wish to have this information used as a basis for further contact with you, we will respect your wishes.
Information collected by Barnie's is used internally by authorized Barnie's employees for three main purposes. First, we collect information to determine how to improve our site(s) by seeing which areas, features and products are most popular. Second, we collect information in order to personalize the site(s) for our customers. For example, in the future, we may recommend products or features you may like based on what you have liked in the past. Lastly, we keep track of the domains from which people visit us. We analyze this data for trends and statistics, and then we discard it. We do not sell, rent, loan, or transfer any personal information regarding our customers to any unrelated third parties.
Cookies
There are various technologies, including one called cookies, which can be used to provide you with tailored information from a Web site. A cookie is an element of data that a Web site can send to your browser, which may then store it on your system. Some Barnie's pages use cookies or other technologies so that we can better serve you when you return to our site. For example, we use these cookie files to track your clicks as you go through the Web site, to keep track of items you put into your shopping cart, to tell us whether you have visited Barnie's , and to help us determine whether you came to Barnie's from a particular Internet link or banner advertisement. You can set your browser to notify you when you receive a cookie, giving you the chance to decide whether to accept it.
Children's Privacy
Barnie's is committed to protecting the privacy needs of children and we encourage parents and guardians to take an active role in their children's online activities and interests. Barnie's does not knowingly collect information from children under the age of 13 and does not target its websites to children under the age of 13.
Email Subscription Information
By entering your email address and clicking SUBMIT, you agree to receive email correspondence from Barnie’s Coffee concerning special promotional offers including access to discounted shipping options and special offers. Barnie’s Coffee uses your contact information to let you know about upcoming local events and Barnie’s news. We also send those on our email list discount offers and the chance to enter sweepstakes and giveaways. You can expect to receive an e-mail from us about 2 – 5 times a week. We do not share, rent or sell your personal information. You must be at least 13 years old to sign up for our mailing list.  If you receive an error message when you try to sign up for our email list, please send your first name, last name, email address to support@barniescoffee.com.
Trying to unsubscribe or change your preferences? Each email we send has a link at the bottom that reads, "Update Subscription Preferences." Click that link and it will bring up a screen where you can do this.   Upon placing an order through our Site, you are Opting-In to be part of Barnie’s Coffee.com email list.  Or you may opt-out of receiving email communications from us at any time by calling 1-800-284-1416 or emailing us at support@barniescoffee.com. You will see a message confirming your request to unsubscribe. This confirmation process allows you to unsubscribe if you decide you do not want to be part of our email list.
More Information
Contact Us
FAQ
Office Coffee
Shipping & Returns
Holiday Shipping
Privacy Policy
Stop by and say hello
Copyright © 2020 Barnies Coffee & Tea Co.
Newsletter
Get the best deals delivered
Give us a call
1-800-284-1416
Copyright © 2020 Barnies Coffee & Tea Co.
Want the goods?
Get the best deals delivered.