http://www.the-beadshop.co.uk/privacy-policy-i4
X
This site uses cookies to provide and improve your shopping experience.
If you want to benefit from this improved service, please opt-in.
More Info
I opt-in to a better browsing experience
Accept Cookies
Low Price
Delivery From 95p
100% Online
Only
International Delivery
From £3.00
Home
Privacy Policy
Privacy PolicyPrivacy StatementThis policy explains how we use any personal information we collect about you when you when you use our website.What information do we collect about you? Information is collected from you when you register with us, order goods from us, sign up to receive updates or when you participate in competitions & surveys. This may include name, mailing address, telephone number, email address and card details.We may collect non-personal identification information about Users whenever they interact with our Site. Non-personal identification information may include the browser name, the type of computer and technical information about Users means of connection to our Site, such as the operating system and the Internet service provider’s utilised and other similar information.Sensitive and private data is sent over a SSL secured communication channel and is encrypted and protected with digital signatures.How will we use the information about you?Information is collected about you to enable us to process any orders you make, manage your online account with us and where permitted, email you with relevant product offers and promotions.When processing your order, we may send your details to and use information from, credit reference and fraud prevention agencies. We also send your name, shipping address and contact telephone number and in some cases email address to FedEx for the purpose of delivering your goods.The Bead Shop Limited will never share any of your personal information with any third-party companies for marketing purposes.Marketing The Bead Shop Limited would like to contact you with product offers & promotions which may be of interest to you. If you have signed up or consented to this, we will contact you via email.If you no longer wish to receive these offers, you can unsubscribe at any time via our website.Access to your information & correction We want to make sure that the information we hold about you is up-to-date & correct at all times. If you would like to receive a copy of all, or some, of the information that we hold about you, you have the right to do so. You can request this from us via email or in writing. We may charge a fee of £10 for dealing with your request.You may also ask us to remove or amend any information that we hold about you that you think is inaccurate. You can do this via email, telephone or in writing.Other WebsitesOur website may contain links to other websites. Our privacy policy only applies to our website. If you click on a link from our website to another, please make sure that you read the privacy policy for that website.CookiesA cookie is a small file which asks permission to be placed on your computer's hard drive. Once you agree, the file is added and the cookie helps analyse web traffic or lets you know when you visit a particular site. Cookies allow web applications to respond to you as an individual. The web application can tailor its operations to your needs, likes and dislikes by gathering and remembering information about your preferences.We use traffic log cookies to identify which pages are being used. This helps us analyse data about webpage traffic and improve our website in order to tailor it to customer needs. We only use this information for statistical analysis purposes and then the data is removed from the system.Overall, cookies help us provide you with a better website by enabling us to monitor which pages you find useful and which you do not. A cookie in no way gives us access to your computer or any information about you, other than the data you choose to share with us.You can choose to accept or decline cookies. Most web browsers automatically accept cookies, but you can usually modify your browser setting to decline cookies if you prefer. This may prevent you from taking full advantage of the website. The websites www.aboutcookies.org and www.allaboutcookies.org will provide more information on cookies, should you wish to learn more.QuestionsIf you have any further questions do not hesitate to contact us by phone on +44 (0)161 274 4040 or by email: sales@the-beadshop.co.uk
x
Join
Top