http://www.jdmmodels.co.uk/privacy-policy
Shopping Cart
0 item(s) - £0.00
Your shopping cart is empty!
Welcome visitor you can login or create an account.
HomeMy AccountShopping CartCheckout
Steam Locos
Diesel & Electric Locos
Digital Sound
Renamed Locos
Renamed Steam (16)
Renamed Diesel (2)
Coaches
Goods Wagons
Train Sets & Packs
Accessories
Buildings & Scenics (0)
C-Rail Intermodal (43)
Home
» Privacy Policy
Privacy Policy
JDM Models privacy policy:
JDM Models is committed to protecting the privacy of those using this site and the confidentiality of the personal information which customers provide.
All personal information collected by JDM Models is used to support customer services and to ensure that your order is processed correctly.
JDM Models will neither sell nor share personal information with third parties unless it is necessary for fulfilling your order.
JDM Models use the information we collect to serve our customers in the following ways:
To shop using this site you must complete an online order, and for this purpose we require your name, e-mail address, billing address and delivery address details (if different from billing address).
This is needed to process and fulfil your orders, and to keep you up-to-date on their progress.
With your consent we store personal information and information about the order, and the use of our services.
With your consent we may also use your contact information to let you know about enhancements to the site, special offers and promotions.
Should you have further questions regarding our privacy policy, please contact us.
Our customer services will also help you if you need information about your data or if you would like to have data corrected.
If a change in our privacy policy should become necessary you will always find the current version on this page.
Continue
Information
Find Us
Privacy Policy
Terms & Conditions
Shipping
Refunds and Returns
Professional Loco Customisation
Cookies
Customer Service
Contact Us
Site Map
Extras
Brands
Specials
My Account
My Account
Order History
Newsletter
JDM Models is a trading name of J D Mounsey Ltd.    Unit 4 Sowarth Ind Est, Settle, BD24 9AF    Co Reg No: 5999894
Reg Office: 37 Duke Street, Settle, BD24 9DJ    Tel: 07495 250290