http://www.sportingkicks.co.uk/privacy.php
Toggle navigation
Team Search
Clothing
Mens
Classic Retro Shirts
Tracktops & Hoodies
Club T-Shirts
International T-Shirts
Hooligan T-Shirts
Legend T-Shirts
Cult T-Shirts
Womens
Tracktops & Hoodies
International T-Shirts
Ladies Skinny Fit T-shirts
Ladies T-shirts
Kids
Kids T-Shirts
Kids Nightwear
Accessories
Scarves & Gloves
Baseball Caps
Wool Hats
Traditional Bar Scarves
Gloves & Wristbands
Gifts/Souvenirs
Souvenirs
Scarves & Gloves
Pin Badges & Keyrings
Flags
Pennants
Mugs & Glasses
Rucksacks & Lunch Bags
Football Jewellery
DVDs
Wool Gloves & Wristbands
Teddy Bears
2020 Calendars
Football & Pumps
Back to School
Rucksacks & Lunch Bags
School Study Sets
Non Sporting Gifts
British Union Jack Souvenirs
Keep Calm & Carry On
Film & Pop Music
Dads Army
HomeWares
For Your Rooms
Nightwear
Bedroom Range
Towels
Rugs
Teddy Bears
Mugs & Glasses
For Your Walls
2020 Football Calendars
Wall Posters
Framed Prints
Events
Euro 2016
Euro 2016 T-Shirts
Euro 2016 Badges
Euro 2016 Flags
Euro 2016 Scarves
Euro 2016 Caps
Euro 2016 Tracktops
General
St Georges Day 2017
Rugby Union 2015 World Cup
St Patricks Day 2017
Back to School
Fathers Day
Valentines Day
New
Sale
Get free uk delivery on all orders over £50
Huge Catalogue of Football teams
Privacy Policy
Privacy Policy
Our Commitment To Privacy
Your security and privacy are of paramount concern to us; therefore, in order to lay a foundation of trust and confidence in our website we guarantee never to divulge, sell or pass on your personal details to a third party without your prior consent. To better protect your privacy we provide this notice explaining our online information practices and the choices you can make about the way your information is collected and used. To make this notice easy to find, we make it available on our homepage and at every point where personally identifiable information may be requested
The Information We Collect:
Sporting Kicks is fully Trustwave PCI compliant and when ordering from sportingkicks.com you (the customer) will be asked to provide us with certain information; this includes your name, address, email address and credit/debit card number along with its expiry date. This information then allows us to fulfil your orders in good faith. We do not store any customer's financial details on our premises.
This notice applies to all information collected or submitted on the Sporting Kicks website. On some pages, you can order products, make requests, and register to receive materials. The types of personal information collected at these pages are:
Name
Address
Email address
Phone number
Credit/Debit Card Information Etc.
On some pages, you can submit information about other people. For example, if you order a gift online and want it sent directly to the recipient, you will need to submit the recipient's address. In this circumstance, the types of personal information collected are:
Name
Address
Phone Number Etc.
Our use of 'Cookies':
In an effort to continually improve the service that we provide, sportingkicks.com uses 'cookies' to track your visit. These are small pieces of information that are stored by your browser on your computer's hard drive. Most web browsers automatically accept cookies, but you can change your browser settings to prevent this. A cookie is used solely for administrative purposes and it cannot be read by a website other than the one that sent the cookie.
List of cookie we collect
The table below lists the cookies we collect and what information they store.
COOKIE name
COOKIE Description
basket_id
The association with your shopping cart.
_ga
Google Analytics
_gat
Google Analytics
ju_data_all
Just Uno
ju_data_session
Just Uno
ju_sid
Just Uno
__atuvc
Add This Social Shares
MC_USER_INFO
MailChimp Goal
The Way We Use Information:
We use the information you provide about yourself when placing an order only to complete that order. We do not share this information with outside parties except to the extent necessary to complete that order. Sportingkicks.com does not sell, rent or exchange your personal details with any third party. Certain information is shared amongst our affiliate partners, but this in no way compromises your security. By providing us with your personal details, you are agreeing that sportingkicks.com and its network of affiliate partners may store or transfer this information between offices and without limitation in the United Kingdom.
We use the information you provide about someone else when placing an order only to ship the product and to confirm delivery. We do not share this information with outside parties except to the extent necessary to complete that order. We use return email addresses to answer the email we receive. Such addresses are not used for any other purpose and are not shared with outside parties
You can register with our website if you would like to receive updates on our new products and services. Information you submit on our website will not be used for this purpose unless you fill out the registration form.
We use non-identifying and aggregate information to better design our website and to share with advertisers. For example, we may tell an advertiser that X number of individuals visited a certain area on our website, or that Y number of men and Z number of women filled out our registration form, but we would not disclose anything that could be used to identify those individuals.
Finally, we never use or share the personally identifiable information provided to us online in ways unrelated to the ones described above without also providing you an opportunity to opt-out or otherwise prohibit such unrelated uses. Should you never wish to receive further updates from us, please send a blank email to privacy@sportingkicks.com and put never in the subject line.
Our Commitment To Data Security
To prevent unauthorised access, maintain data accuracy, and ensure the correct use of information, we have put in place appropriate physical and managerial procedures to safeguard and secure the information we collect online. Customer information is protected using a secure server; the Secure Socket Layer (SSL) ensures that all customer details are encrypted, thus preventing unauthorised viewing of your personal details. Sporting Kicks has teamed up with Thawte who provide our secure server software. For further information about Thawte you can visit their website at www.thawte.com As a further precaution, we are fully compliant with the UK Data Protection Act 1998.
How To Contact Us
Should you have other questions or concerns about these privacy policies, please call us at +44 020 8553 0054 (UK) or send us an email at privacy@sportingkicks.com and we will endeavour to answer all queries within 24 hours.