http://www.yoursigns.co.uk/legal-stuff.html#privacy-policy
Quality House Signs - House Numbers - House Names - Home Address Plaques made in the UK
House Signs - Reflective House Name Plates, House Numbers, Address Plaques & Hand Painted House Sign Manufacturers
All reflective house signs made by our company are made in the UK from durable reconstituted slate and have high-tec reflective  text and numbers which are heat laminated flush to the plaque surface and are not engraved or raised in relief.
Copyright 2007 Yoursigns Ltd. All Rights Reserved.
Top of Page        -
Previous Page        -       Home Page        -        Site Map
-      Our History
Please enter the kind of House Sign are you looking for
Can't find what you want?
Yoursigns Ltd,  20 College Close Industrial Estate,  Sandown,  Isle of Wight,  PO36 8EB,  United Kingdom        Telephone: 0845 230 1290
Contacting us             Terms & Conditions                  Privacy Policy
Go To:
Rectangle House Signs
Oval House Signs
Natural Style
Mews Style
Flower Motif Signs
Old Favourites
Custom Painted
Home Page
Made in the UK
We ship Worldwide
7 Year Guarantee
We welcome
We also accept
Quality House Signs
Since 1995
Reflective Signs
Watercolours
Pet Portraits
Calligraphy
Gift Certificates
House naming
Guide
About our Signs
Testimonials
Useful Links
Terms & Conditions
Description of articles supplied
All plaques and house signs are made to requirements specified and described by each individual customer. Every item is supplied to a written description of the text and number lay-out that will be agreed between Yoursigns Ltd. and the customer by e-mail or in our shopping cart before an order is accepted for processing. Colours shown on the web site are indicative of colours offered. Any hand painting process carried out by our sign artists is painted to compliment the text & number layout of the sign. All house signs supplied are made from reconstituted slate and have reflective  text and numbers which are heat laminated flush to the plaque surface and not engraved or raised in relief.
Prices
All our prices are calculated in GBP according to base plaque and options chosen by customer plus postage and packaging depending on country the item is being shipped to. All prices are subject to change and the current prices shown on this web site will over rule any prices advertised anywhere else which are deemed to be out of date.
Lead times & delivery
The house signs shown on our site are individually made to order at our sign studio and we aim to despatch finished signs within 14 working days of approval of the visual mock-up we send by email, but we cannot guarantee a delivery date. -  Our lead times can vary a lot depending on time of year or due to extra online orders. For example leading up to Christmas or around annual holidays.
On standard online house sign orders, we will contact you by e-mail showing a mock-up layout drawing for you to give the go ahead before we actually make the sign. Only when we have your approval on the proposed layout of the sign can we give you an estimated despatch date. - We do not make mock-up layout visuals for custom painted house signs as this is too time consuming for our artists.
The finished house sign will be sent by recorded or special delivery and will always need a signature. An email will be sent after despatch  to let you know the parcel is shipped. If no one is there to take delivery, a card will be left giving the nearest sorting office address where the parcel can be picked up. the parcel will be kept at the sorting office for 7 days before it is returned to us. We reserve the right to request any subsequent delivery cost if the order is returned to us due to a failed delivery.
Once the package has been shipped the package is in transit with the postal service networks. In the unlikely event that the package has not arrived at its destination in the expected time, we will try to trace its whereabouts, and if it is lost we will replace the goods, provided ample time has been given for the postal networks to find the package - this can take up to 4 weeks for international shipping.
Refunds and returns
If your order arrives damaged in transit, we will replace it free of charge or offer you a partial or full refund. Please contact us within seven working days of receipt of your order with details of the damage and keep ALL the original packaging. Returns are made at your expense, although we may waive this responsibility in certain circumstances. If on inspection of the house sign we deemed it not to be damaged, we reserve the right to charge you for the house sign as they are individually made to order and cannot be re-stocked or re-sold.
Faulty product - Any house sign supplied that does not meet the agreed specification will either be replaced free of charge or be subject to a full or partial refund of the purchase price. Please inform us by e-mail within 7 days of receipt stating clearly the reasons for rejection. Faulty product complaints need to be sent to customerservice -at- yoursigns.co.uk.  Alternatively the complaint may be sent by mail to the address shown at the top of this page. If you need to talk to us on the telephone the number is 0845 230 1290 (+44 845 230 1290 from outside the UK). Complaints will be acknowleged  within two working days. It is not our policy to turn complaints into disputes - since 1995 in 12 years of trading selling thousands of house signs online we have only had 9 house signs returned due to a complaint!
Custom painted signs - Due to the nature of hand painting, we do not offer refunds if the customer simply does not like the commissioned pictorial on the sign due personal taste, we will however endeavour to alter the pictorial if the customer returns the sign to us at their expense.
These Rolex Day-Dates all have dials that match their leather straps and represent a veritable rainbow of colors. There are five combinations available: green and cognac dials and straps on the watches with yellow-gold cases; best replica watches blue or cherry on the watches with white-gold cases; and chocolate on the watch with Everose gold case.
Guarantee
All our house signs carry a standard UK 12 month guarantee. - In addition each reflective house sign also has our unique 7 year worldwide guarantee against deterioration due to climate conditions - you will have an individually date stamped guarantee taped to the sign, please retain it in the unlikely event of needing to make a claim.
Indemnity
You agree to indemnify us against any claims, losses, liabilities, damages and expenses (including legal fees) arising out of your use of this site or our products or products provided by a third party.
Privacy and Confidentiality
The information you provide us with will not be made available to any other third party.
Jurisdiction
These terms are subject to the laws of England and the jurisdiction of the English Courts.
Consumer rights
None of the above terms and conditions affects your statutory consumer rights under UK law.
Privacy policy
We respect your privacy, we do not collect personal or sensitive information on you. We are in the business of making custom made house signs and are not interested in selling information to third parties about our customers. Please contact customerservice -at- yoursigns.co.uk regarding any privacy issues
The information that you give to us is never sold, rented or divulged to any third parties.
The type of information that we need from you to process your order is your name, address, phone number, email address and the details of the house sign you would like to order. If you are ordering online, your credit card details will be processed by Optimal Payments or Paypal via a secure SSL connection. We never collect or handle customers credit card details online ourselves, only card payment details given by telephone are written down and these sensitive details are shredded as soon as the order has been processed.
The information that you give is only used to process your order. Your credit card details are not held on our computers ever, rather our secure SSL shopping cart passes your card information to  payment processing managed by Optimal Payments or Paypal.  Once your credit card details have been authorised by the secure server an email á¬¥î¯´ification is sent to us with all the nessessary details - excluding your credit card details - so we can start to complete your order. We hold an electronic and paper copy of these details in our files for accounting & tax purposes.
We will not email you in the future unless you have given us your consent. Certain order status emails are sent to customers as each stage of the making process is ready. All data is collected lawfully and in accordance with the DataProtection Act 1998.
Our site uses cookies to count the number of visitors, it does not collect your personal information, they only check the performance of the website.
For customer enquiries & customer service dial
0845 230 1290  Monday to Friday 10am-5pm  GMT