http://www.neuchatelchocolates.com/pages/terms-and-conditions
Home
Terms and Conditions
Terms and Conditions
Shipping Policy
Neuchatel Shipping Policies-Call 610-932-2706 or email us at: web_sales@neuchatelchocolates.com with any questions or concerns with our Shipping Policy.
1. UNDER NO CIRCUMSTANCES WILL WE REPLACE CHOCOLATES, UNLESS YOU CHOOSE UPS NEXT DAY AIR. We are unable to replace damaged chocolates, unless you choose Next Day Air Shipping. We are also unable to replace damaged chocolates when packages are left unattended. Please make every effort to notify the recipient that a package will be arriving. 2. Your order is shipped the same day if received by 2:00 pm EST.  3. Orders received after 2:00 pm EST will be shipped the next business day (excluding Friday). 4. Due to temperature variations across the country, we may choose NOT to ship over a weekend. Because of this policy, we cannot guarantee Monday deliveries. Please call us if you have any questions about this policy: 610-932-2706. 5. Call for shipping rates if product total exceeds $300.00. 6. If we feel the wrong shipping method was selected, we will email you. If you fail to respond within 24 hours, we will assume that you do not wish to change the shipping method.
When choosing your ship to address, please keep the following in mind:
1. The best address is one where someone will be available to accept the package during the day. (A Doorstep is not a safe place for chocolate.) We will not replace chocolates damaged because no one was at the delivery address to accept the package. Please make every effort to notify the recipient that a package will be arriving. 2. Business addresses are better than residential addresses.  3. A residential street address is better than a P.O.
Shipping Destinations
We can ship to PO, PFPO, and APO addresses. However, we CANNOT guarantee when the packages will arrive. Once a package is shipped from our factory to a PO, PFPO, and APO address, it is out of our hands and no longer our responsibility. We will not replace damaged chocolates shipped to PO, PFPO, and APO addresses.
Hot Climates
When shipping during Summer Months, during hot weather, and to hot climates such as AZ, CA, FL, TX please select Next Day Air for shipping method. If the fastest shipping method available is not selected, we cannot guarantee the package contents. Weekend Delivery The rates that appear on the order form do not account for Saturday Delivery. Saturday delivery is not standard for UPS and thus additional charges apply. If you would like a package to arrive on a Saturday, please call us to place your order: 610-932-2706. We do not offer Sunday delivery at this time.
International Shipping Rates
The rates that appear on the order form only apply to the continental U.S. If you are shipping to Hawaii, Alaska, or to foreign countries, please email us at:web_sales@neuchatelchocolates.com or call us at 001-610-932-2706 for the best rate.
UPS Holidays
UPS may not offer service on some major holidays and thus orders cannot be delivered. If you are unsure of when your package will arrive, please call us.
Privacy Policy
Privacy Statement Thank you for shopping at www.neuchatelchocolates.com. Neuchatel Chocolates has created this statement to inform our customers that we respect your privacy. We do not and will not give away, trade, sell or release any information obtained from our customers unless required by law. We keep the information that you provide us to reference your previous purchases, track your orders and improve your overall shopping experience at www.neuchatelchocolates.com.
Member Registration Form Neuchatel Chocolates does not require its visitors to register or provide information to us in order to view our site. If you choose to register for Neuchatel Chocolates Membership, the provided information you supply is used to enhance your shopping experience. Filling out the order form is faster for members, but membership is not necessary to order.
Order Form We keep the information that you provide us to reference your previous purchases, track your orders and improve your overall shopping experience at www.neuchatelchocolates.com. From time to time we may e-mail our customers about special promotions or offers that we may have available. If, for any reason, you would like to be removed from our e-mail list, please contact us via e-mail at: web_sales@neuchatelchocolates.com or call us at: 610-932-2706. Security This site uses security measures to protect our customer information from unauthorized viewing, misuse, or alteration while under our control. These security measures include the use of Secured Socket Layers. Our Secure Payment processing is securely transmitted from your browser to our servers using 128 Bit SSL encryption.
All on-line transactions are conducted through a secure connection which has been verified and authenticated by GeoTrust. Click on the GeoTrust icon for security information pertaining to the Neuchatel Chocolates on-line store.
Choice/Opt-Out When you place an order via www.neuchatelchocolates.com or via phone: 610-932-2706, we keep your information on file to reference your previous orders, track packages, and to enhance your overall shopping experience. We may also contact you via e-mail from time-to-time to keep you up-to-date on the latest Neuchatel Chocolates news or to send you our latest catalog. If you do not wish to receive such mailings, prefer not to receive our catalog, or have a new address, please call us at 610-932-2706 or e-mail us at: web_sales@neuchatelchocolates.com .
Contact Us If you have any questions or concerns about our privacy policy and security, please call us at: 1-610 932 2706 or e-mail us at: web_sales@neuchatelchocolates.com .
Tweet
From The Blog
“Our party celebrating the golden wedding anniversary of our friends waslast week.
Everyone loved your chocolates -- both because the presentationwas fantastic and taste was fantastic. Great job!
Thanks a bunch.”
Jan