http://www.wheelchair-ramps.co.uk/terms/
Terms and Conditions
Access Appraisals Ltd. - 01608 663759
Please ring for free advice on which ramp is most suitable.
info@wheelchair-ramps.co.uk
Primary Menu
Wheelchair Ramps
Portable Wheelchair Ramps
Modular Wheelchair Ramps
Stairlifts
Access Appraisals Ltd - Terms and Conditions
GENERAL INFORMATION AND DISCLAIMER
(a) The following terms and conditions together with any additional specific terms and conditions shall, unless agreed in writing by a director of Access Appraisals Ltd. (hereafter referred to as 'Access Appraisals Ltd') apply to and govern all orders for the sale of products by Access Appraisals Ltd. Access Appraisals Ltd has the right to refuse to accept orders. The expression 'products' refers to Access Appraisals Ltd and third party products and services available for sale to the Buyer.
(b) Goods are subject to availability. If we do not supply the goods for any reason we will not charge you for these goods and we will refund any money already paid for the goods. However, we will not be responsible for compensating you for any other losses, which you may suffer if we do not supply the goods.
(c) We will supply goods that are free from defects in materials and workmanship for a period of 12 months (or longer if required by law) from date of delivery. This does not affect any other statutory rights that you may have.
2. PRICES
(a) Prices are based on current costs and charges for the products at the date of quotation or at such earlier date as may be specified by Access Appraisals Ltd. Prices may be increased by Access Appraisals Ltd to take into account any change in such costs or charges for the products. Confirmed purchase orders shall be invoiced at the price in effect at the time of Access Appraisals Ltd's acceptance of the order. Unless otherwise agreed prices exclude delivery charges. Prices displayed exclude VAT
3. DELIVERY
(a) Delivery of the products shall be deemed to take place when they are despatched by or on behalf of Access Appraisals Ltd. Risk of loss or damage to products shall pass to the Buyer at the time of delivery.
(b) We will endeavour to deliver goods within the times stated but goods are subject to availability and delay in delivery of goods is sometimes outside of our control. Any dates we specify for the delivery of the goods are approximate only and we shall not be liable for any losses, costs, damages, charges or expenses caused by any delay for delivery of goods unless caused by our negligence.
(c) Access Appraisals Ltd is not responsible for delay or failure to deliver due to causes beyond its reasonable control, including but not limited to fire, flood, act of God or insolvency of sub-contractors or suppliers or inability to obtain products, licences or services from third party suppliers.
(d) As soon as we have delivered the goods you will be responsible for them. If you delay accepting a delivery, our responsibility for everything other than damage due to our negligence will end on the date the carrier tried to deliver the goods to you.
IMPORTANCE NOTICE:
time limit for notification of claims. If goods arrive in a damaged condition you must inform us within 3 working days. Our customer services department will arrange a RA no. and arrange for collection. We will replace the goods at no charge, or refund any money paid for the goods. IF YOU DO NOT DO THIS WE SHALL HAVE NO LIABILITY FOR GOODS SAID TO BE DAMAGED ON DELIVERY. If the goods returned are found to be in full working order these will be returned to you and an administration fee of 15% of the price of the goods along with the cost of carriage will be charged to you.
4. DELIVERY CHARGES
(a) All transportation, packing and transit insurance costs will be payable by the Buyer in addition to the price for the products, unless otherwise agreed with Access Appraisals Ltd.
5. TRANSPORTATION
(a) Access Appraisals Ltd shall, in the absence of agreement to the contrary, be entitled to use any method or means of transportation it may select and may despatch the products in such quantities or partial or complete shipments as it may think fit. No claim in respect of any loss or damage to products in transit will be accepted by Access Appraisals Ltd.
6 (a). RETURNS POLICY - DOMESTIC CUSTOMERS
(a) Defective ItemsYou can return an item if it is defective. Please see "To return an item" below for details of how to return defective items to us. Upon inspection if the item is found not to be defective, we will we not issue a refund and you will we liable for a redelivery charge.
(b)
Changing your mind
If you change your mind about your purchase you may return the unopened/unused item to us at your expense within 14 days of receiving the item and we will issue a full refund for the product, minus the initial delivery charge.
Please see "To return an item" below for details of how to return items to us.
(c) To return an itemPlease enclose a note giving the reason for the return, wrap the package securely and send the package to the address below. In the case of a defective product, please provide a full description of the fault and return the defective item in its original box, with all warranty cards, licences, manuals and accessories (if any). Then send the package to the address below:
Access Appraisals Ltd.6 Granby Road HoningtonShipston on StourWarwickshire CV36 5AB
For your protection we recommend that you use a recorded-delivery service.
This returns policy does not affect your statutory rights.
6 (b). RETURNS POLICY - BUSINESS CUSTOMERS
(a) Defective ItemsYou can return an item if it is defective. Please see "To return an item" below for details of how to return defective items to us. Upon inspection if the item is found not to be defective, we will we not issue a refund and you will we liable for a redelivery charge.
(b)
Changing your mind
If you change your mind about your purchase you may return the unopened/unused item to us at your expense within 7 days of receiving the item and we will issue a full refund for the product, minus the initial delivery charge and a 20% handling fee - Please see "To return an item" below for details of how to return items to us.
(c) To return an itemPlease enclose a note giving the reason for the return, wrap the package securely and send the package to the address below. In the case of a defective product, please provide a full description of the fault and return the defective item in its original box, with all warranty cards, licences, manuals and accessories (if any). Then send the package to the address below:
Access Appraisals Ltd.6 Granby Road HoningtonShipston on StourWarwickshire CV36 5AB
For your protection we recommend that you use a recorded-delivery service.
This returns policy does not affect your statutory rights.
7. TERMS OF PAYMENT
(a) All amounts owing by the Buyer to Access Appraisals Ltd shall unless otherwise requested by Access Appraisals Ltd, be paid within 14 days or 30 days as specified on Access Appraisals Ltd.'s relevant invoice. In the event of the Buyer failing to make full payment within such period, Access Appraisals Ltd shall, without prejudice to any other right or remedy available to it, be entitled to suspend or cancel any further deliveries to the Buyer, and to suspend or cancel any order then subsisting between Access Appraisals Ltd and the Buyer.
(b) Access Appraisals Ltd shall be entitled to charge interest on any invoiced amount which is not paid by the Buyer on the due date for payment at a rate of 3% per month above the base rate of Barclays Bank plc.
(c) Products shall remain the property of Access Appraisals Ltd until the Buyer has paid all amounts owed by the Buyer to Access Appraisals Ltd. In the event of non-payment by the Buyer, Access Appraisals Ltd may at any time after payment has become due, enter the Buyer's premises and take possession of the products. This right shall continue until payment in full has been received by Access Appraisals Ltd. The risk in products, however, will pass to the Buyer on the date of despatch whereupon the Buyer shall insure the products to their full value against all reasonable risks.
8. WARRANTY
(a) Any warranty offered by the product manufacturer will be passed onto the Buyer.
(b) If the Buyer discovers a defect in the product the Buyer's exclusive remedy under this Agreement is to return the product to Access Appraisals Ltd where Access Appraisals Ltd will at its option either repair or replace the same. This is available only if Access Appraisals Ltd receives the returned products on or before the seventh day after purchase. The Buyer must prepay all transportation, packing and transit insurance costs of sending the products to Access Appraisals Ltd. Access Appraisals Ltd will pay all return costs to the Buyer. After 28 days the Buyer should refer any problem with the product directly to the Manufacturer.
(c) Access Appraisals Ltd specifically excludes but without limitation the implied conditions of satisfactory quality, merchantability and fitness for a particular or any purpose.
9. LIMITED LIABILITY
(a) Access Appraisals Ltd shall not under any circumstances be liable for any consequential or indirect damages or losses however caused.
(b) Access Appraisals Ltd.'s liability in respect of breach of the terms of any order shall be limited to the invoiced value of such order. Nothing in this agreement shall limited Access Appraisals Ltd's liability for death or personal injury caused by its negligence.
10. TERMINATION
(a) If the Buyer fails duty to pay any amounts to Access Appraisals Ltd or to fulfill any of its obligations to Access Appraisals Ltd or if any distress or execution shall be levied upon the Buyer's property or assets, or the Buyer shall make or offer to make any arrangement or composition with its creditors or commit any act of bankruptcy, or if any petition or order in bankruptcy shall be presented or made against the Buyer or if the Buyer being a limited company any resolution or petition to wind up such company's business (other than for the purpose of amalgamation or reconstruction) shall be made or presented or if a receiver shall be appointed to any undertaking property or assets or any part thereof, or if at any time it shall come to the notice of Access Appraisals Ltd that the Buyer is, or is likely to be, unable to meet its obligations in full as they fall due. Access Appraisals Ltd shall have the right forthwith to terminate any order entered into by the Buyer. Upon written notice of such termination being posted by Access Appraisals Ltd to the Buyer's last known address, this order shall be deemed to have been terminated in consequence of a breach of contract by the Buyer and without prejudice to any claim, right or remedy which may be available to Access Appraisals Ltd in law or under the provisions here of.
11. FORCE MAJEURE
(a) Neither party will be liable for any delay in performing or failure to perform its obligations under this Agreement due to any cause outside its reasonable control. Such delay or failure will not constitute a breach of this Agreement and the time for performance of the affect obligation will be extended by such period as is reasonable.
12. ASSIGNMENT
(a) This Agreement is personal to the Buyer and the Buyer may not assign or otherwise
transfer its rights of obligations under this Agreement without the prior written consent of Access Appraisals Ltd.
13. NOTICES
(a) All notices which are required to be given under this Agreement will be in writing and will be sent to the address as the recipient may designate by notice given in accordance with this Clause. Any such notice may be delivered personally by first class pre-paid letter or electronic mail or facsimile transmission and will be deemed to have been received by hand delivery - at the time of delivery.
(b) By first class post - 48 hours after the date of mailing.
(c) By facsimile or electronic mail transmission - immediately on transmission provided a confirmatory copy is sent by first class pre-paid post or by hand, by the end of the next business day.
14. SEVERABILITY
(a)If any part of this Agreement is found by a Court of competent jurisdiction or other competent authority to be invalid, unlawful or unenforceable then such part will be severed from the remainder of this Agreement which will continue to be valid and enforceable to the fullest extent permitted by law.
15. INTERPRETATION
(a) Headings have been included for convenience only and will not be used in construing any provision in the Agreement.
16. WAIVER
(a) No delay or failure by either party to exercise any of its powers, rights or remedies under this Agreement will operate as a waiver of them
nor will any single or partial exercise of any such powers, rights or remedies preclude any other or further exercise of them. Any waiver to be effective must be in writing. The remedies provided in this Agreement are cumulative and not exclusive of any remedies provided by law.
17. ENTIRE AGREEMENT
(a) This Agreement is the complete and exclusive statement of the agreement between the parties relating to the subject matter of the Agreement and supersedes all previous communications, representations and arrangements, written or oral. The Buyer acknowledges that no reliance is placed on any representation made but not embodied in this Agreement. The printed terms and conditions of any purchase order or other correspondence and documents of the Buyer issued in connection with this Agreement will not apply unless expressly accepted in writing by Access Appraisals Ltd.
(b) Except as otherwise permitted by this Agreement, no change to its terms will be effective unless it is in writing and signed by persons authorised on behalf of both parties.
18. GOVERNING LAW AND JURISDICATION
(a) These terms and conditions shall be governed by and construed in accordance with the laws of England and Wales and each party agrees to submit to the exclusive jurisdiction of the courts of England and Wales.
The above statement in no way affects your statutory rights.
Disclaimer: The information and advice given on this website is to the best of our knowledge, but we accept no responsibility if acted upon, and advise you contact your architect, building control, planning department, highways department and local fire authority if in any doubt.
General Data Protection Regulation (GDPR)
https://www.wheelchair-ramps.co.uk/ is owned and run by Access Appraisals Ltd. a company registered in England and Wales and with the company number 4537420.
Our registered address is;
Access Appraisals Ltd.
6 Granby Road
Honington
Shipston-on-Stour
Warwickshire
CV36 5AB
our business trading address is;
Access Appraisals Ltd.
Granby Road
Honington
Shipston-on-Stour
Warwickshire
CV36 5AB
tj@uksbd.co.uk
01608 663759
Access Appraisals Ltd. are registered under the Data Protection act with the registration number Z9389941 For further information, please contact Mr.T J Simmonds either at the address, email or phone number listed above.
Name and contact details of our organisation
Access Appraisals Ltd.
6 Granby Road
Honington
Shipston-on-Stour
Warwickshire
CV36 5AB
Name and contact details of your representative
Terry Simmonds
The contact details of your data protection officer
Terry Simmonds.
6 Granby Road
Honington
Shipston-on-Stour
Warwickshire
CV36 5AB
01608 663759
tj@uksbd.co.uk
Protecting your privacy
At Access Appraisals Ltd., we’re committed to protecting your privacy and creating the controls you need to feel confident sharing with your neighbours. To reflect the new standards established by the EU’s General Data Protection Regulation (GDPR), we’ve made updates and improvements to our service.
Updates to our Privacy Policy and Member agreement
In support of the these data protection rules across Europe, we’ve updated our Privacy Policy and Terms and Conditions. These changes will go into effect on 25 May, 2018.
Rights under GDPR.
The upcoming General Data Protection Regulation expands your existing set of rights regarding your personal data. These include the ability to withdraw your consent, the right to correction, and the right to be forgotten.
Clearer controls.
We made it easier to edit or delete any personal information we have about you.
Our continued commitment
Beyond updating our policies, we’re continuing to make additional efforts to respect the rights of our members. These include the following changes in the EU:
Increasing the minimum age of our customers to 18
Making the choices members have clearer,
Appointing a Data Protection Officer, to ensure that privacy remains central to our mission
If you have any questions about our efforts to comply with GDPR regulations and protect your rights, please contact our team.
Controlling your settings
You’re in control of your information held by Access Appraisals Ltd. and can modify your preferences at any time by contacting us.
Why we collect your data
We store contact details of companies who have contacted us or purchased from us. This information appears in saved emails, quotes, invoices, our accounts paperwork
How we collect your data
When you contact us in anyway
We treat your data with the utmost care and take appropriate steps to protect it.
Some of the information you have provided may contain personal information (e.g. your home postal or email address). You can check what information we hold on your company and make any updates by contacting us.
When we’ll share your data
We pass on your information to our suppliers so they can supply you, to delivery companies so they can deliver to you, to our bookkeepers and accountants so they can do our bookkeeping
and accounts
You have certain rights, which include:
the right to obtain access to your personal data (what personal data of yours we holds)
the right to request the deletion or removal of personal data where we are not otherwise entitled to
retain and process such data and there is no compelling reason for its continued processing
the right to restrict or suppress the processing of your personal data, in certain circumstances. Further information is available upon request
the right to withdraw consent at any time, where relevant
the right to lodge a complaint with a supervisory authority (the Information Commissioner’s Office).
If you wish to exercise any of these rights, please contact us for details of how an application may be made.
email policy
We retain all emails sent to us, if you have previously sent us an email and would like it deleted please contact us
How we use cookies
A cookie is a small file which asks permission to be placed on your computer’s hard drive. Once you agree, the file is added and the cookie helps analyse web traffic or lets you know when you visit a particular site. Cookies allow web applications to respond to you as an individual. The web application can tailor its operations to your needs, likes and dislikes by gathering and remembering information about your preferences.
We use traffic log cookies to identify which pages are being used. This helps us analyse data about webpage traffic and improve our website in order to tailor it to customer needs. We only use this information for statistical analysis purposes and then the data is removed from the system.
We also use 3rd party cookies from advertisers and specifically from the Google AdSense program. Most web browsers automatically accept these cookies, but you can usually modify your browser setting to decline cookies if you prefer.
Please consult the instructions in your web browser to find out how to control cookies.
Third parties may be placing and reading cookies on
your
browser, or using web beacons to collect information, in the course
of ads being served on our website. Please consult the instructions in your web browser to find out how to control this behaviour
Overall, cookies help us provide you with a better website, by enabling us to monitor which pages you find useful and which you do not. A cookie in no way gives us access to your computer or any information about you, other than the data you choose to share with us.
You can choose to accept or decline cookies. Most web browsers automatically accept cookies, but you can usually modify your browser setting to decline cookies if you prefer. This may prevent you from taking full advantage of the website.
We also use 3rd party tracking systems to monitor visitor behaviour, the primary systems we use are statcounter.com and google analytics, please view the privacy policies of both ofthese companies if you have any concerns.
Access Appraisals Cookie Policy
Background:
This Policy applies as between you, the User of this Web Site and Access Appraisals Ltd the owner and provider of this Web Site.This Policy applies to our use of any and all Data collected by us in relation to your use of the Web Site and any Services or Systems therein.
Cookies are text files containing small amounts of information which are downloaded to your device when you visit a website. Cookies are then sent back to the originating website on each subsequent visit, or to another website that recognises that cookie. Cookies are useful because they allow a website to recognise a user’s device. You can find more information about cookies at: www.allaboutcookies.org and www.youronlinechoices.eu for a video about cookies visit www.google.co.uk/safetycenter/ Cookies do lots of different jobs, like letting you navigate between pages efficiently, remembering your preferences, and generally improve the user experience. They can also help to ensure that adverts you see online are more relevant to you and your interests.
Access Appraisals Ltd may set and access first-party Cookies on your computer. Cookies that may be placed on your computer are detailed in Schedule 1 to this Policy.These Cookies are integral to the services provided by the Web Site to you.
You can choose to enable or disable Cookies in your web browser.By default, your browser will accept Cookies, however this can be altered.For further details please consult the help menu in your browser. Disabling Cookies may prevent you from using the full range of Services available on the Web Site.
You may delete Cookies, however you may lose any information that enables you to access the Web Site more quickly.
The Web Site uses the third-party Cookies detailed in Schedule 2 to this Policy for the purposes described therein. These Cookies are not integral to the services provided by the Web Site to you and may be blocked at your choosing via your internet browser’s privacy settings. Please ensure that your internet browser is up-to-date and consult the help and guidance provided by the developer of your browser if you are unsure as to how to adjust your privacy settings.
Schedule 1. First-Party Cookies
Cookie
Name
Purpose
More information
Session Cookie
PHPSESSID
This session cookie is essential for the indentification of a user on Access Appraisals Ltd website. This cookie is deleted when you close your browser.
Schedule 2. Third-Party Cookies
Cookie
Name
Purpose
More information
Google Analytics
_utma
_utmb
_utmc
_utmz DSID IDE
These cookies are used to collect information about how visitors use our site. We use the information to compile reports and to help us improve the site. The cookies collect information in an anonymous form, including the number of visitors to the site, where vistors have come to the site from and the pages they visited.
Click here for an overview of privacy at Google
Statcounter
__cfduid
is_unique
is_visitor_unique
These cookies are used to collect information about how visitors use our site. We use the information to compile reports and to help us improve the site. The cookies collect information in an anonymous form, including the number of visitors to the site, where vistors have come to the site from and the pages they visited.
Click here for an overview of privacy at Statcounter
We use third-party advertising companies to serve ads when you visit our website. These companies may use information (not including your name, address, email address, or telephone number) about your visits to this and other websites in order to provide advertisements about goods and services of interest to you. If you would like more information about this practice and to know your choices about not having this information used by these companies, click here.
Google, as a third party vendor, uses cookies to serve ads on our site.
Google’s use of the DART cookie enables it to serve ads to our users based on their visit to our sites and other sites on the Internet.
Users may opt out of the use of the DART cookie by visiting the Google ad and content network privacy policy.
The search box on this web site (“Search Box”) is powered by Google Inc (“Google”). You acknowledge and agree that Google’s privacy policy (located at http://www.google.co.uk/privacy.html) shall apply to your use of the Search Box and by using the Search Box you consent to Google using your personal data in accordance with its privacy policy.
Wheelchair Ramp Information, Advice and Tools
General advice, ramp regulations, ramp guidance, etc. Ramp Information : Wheelchair Ramp Calculator : Disability Resources
Semi Permanent Wheelchair Ramps
: Threshold Ramps : Mobility Scooter Ramps : Channel Ramps : Wheelchair Ramps for Cars
Length Folding Wheelchair Ramps
Width Folding Wheelchair Ramps
2 Piece Wheelchair Ramps
Semi Permanent Wheelchair Ramps
Welcome Modular Wheelchair Ramp
Swift Modular Wheelchair Ramp
Semi Permanent Wheelchair Ramps
Portable Wheelchair Ramps
Home
Contact
About
Terms
News
Disability Directory
Areas Supplied
© 2019 Access Appraisals Ltd. Shipston-on-Stour, Warwickshire, CV36 5AB
Registered in England & Wales. Company no. 04537420, VAT no. 812494925