http://www.fugitivetoys.com/pages/privacy-policy
Search
Black Friday 2020
Apparel
Books & Magazines
Blind Boxes
Shop All Blinds
Android
Dark Horse
Disney Vinylmation
Funko Mystery Minis
Kidrobot
Loyal Subjects
Mezco
Titan Merchandise
Tokidoki Blinds
Master Case
Cards
Shop All Cards
Pokemon Cards
Yu-Gi-Oh! Cards
Designer Collectibles
Disney
Pins
Tsum Tsum
Vinylmation
Display Cases
FiGPiN
Shop All FiGPiN
FiGPiN Animation
FiGPiN DC Comics
FiGPiN Disney
FiGPiN Games
FiGPiN Marvel
FiGPiN Movies
FiGPiN Rocks
FiGPiN Sports
FiGPiN Television
Funko Collection
5 Star
Action Figure
Advent Calendar
Dorbz
Fabrikations
FunkO's Cereal
Funkoverse
Games
Hikari
Mopeez
Pint Size Heroes
Pop! Apparel
Pop! Pens
Pop! Pins
Pop! Plush
Pop! Tees
ReAction
Rock Candy
Vinyl Idolz
VNYL
Wacky Wobblers
Funko Pocket Pops
Funko Pop! Vinyl
Fugitive Toys Exclusives
Prototypes
ECCC
NYCC
SDCC
8-Bit
Pop! 2/3/4/Multipacks
Pop! 6 Inch Figures
Pop! 10 Inch Figures
Pop! Ad Icons
Pop! Animation
Pop! Asia
Pop! Books
Pop! Candy
Pop! Chase
Pop! Christmas
Pop! College
Pop! Comics
Pop! Conan
Pop! Deluxe
Pop! Disney
Pop! Fantastic Beasts
Pop! Funko
Pop! Game of Thrones
Pop! Games
Pop! Halo
Pop! Harry Potter
Pop! Heroes
Pop! Holidays
Pop! Icons
Pop! Marvel
Pop! Monster High
Pop! Monsters
Pop! Movie Moments
Pop! Movies
Pop! Muppets
Pop! My Little Pony
Pop! Myths
Pop! Pets
Pop! Pusheen
Pop! Retro Toys
Pop! Rides
Pop! Rocks
Pop! Royals
Pop! Sanrio
Pop! Saturday Night Live
Pop! South Park
Pop! Sports
Shop All Sports
NASCAR
NBA
NFL
NHL
MLB
Soccer
Pop! Star Wars
Pop! Television
90s Nickelodeon
Adventure Time
Alias
American Gods
American Horror Story
Arrested Development
Arrow The Television Series
Ash vs Evil Dead
A-Team
Battlestar Galactica
Baywatch
Beavis and Butthead
Better Call Saul
Bewitched
Big Mouth
Billions
Blacklist
Boy Meets World
Breaking Bad
Buffy the Vampire Slayer
Cheers
Community
Dawson's Creek
Doctor Who
Duck Dynasty
Elvira
Firefly
Fraggle Rock
Friends
Futurama
Gilmore Girls
GLOW
Gossip Girl
Hannibal
How I Met Your Mother
I Love Lucy
Invader Zim
iZombie
Jeopardy
La Casa De Papel
Last Week Tonight
Legends of Tomorrow
LOST
Lost in Space
Mad Men
Married with Children
Masters of the Universe
Mister Rogers Neighborhood
Modern Family
Mr. Bean
Mr. Robot
Mystery Science Theater 3000
New Girl
Once Upon a Time
Orange is the New Black
Orphan Black
Outlander
Parks and Recreation
Pee-wee's Playhouse
Power Rangers
Riverdale
Sanford and Son
Saved by the Bell
Scrubs
Sesame Street
Sharknado
Sherlock
Silicon Valley
Sons of Anarchy
Spongebob
Star Trek
Stranger Things
Supernatural
Teenage Mutant Ninja Turtles
Teen Titans Go!
Teen Wolf
The 100
The Addams Family
The Brady Bunch
The Flash
The Golden Girls
The Jeffersons
The Joy of Painting
The Leftovers
The Munsters
The Office
The Regular Show
The Simpsons
The Strain
The Tick
The Umbrella Academy
The Walking Dead
The X-Files
Thunderbirds
Thundercats
Trollhunters
True Blood
Twin Peaks
Veep
Vikings
Voltron
Westworld
Wheel of Fortune
Workaholics
Yo Gabba Gabba
Pop! Town
Pop! Trolls
Pop! Uglydoll
Pop! Wrestling
Pop! WWE
Pop! Zodiac
LEGO
Bionicle
Brickheadz
City
DC Super Heroes
Disney Princess
Friends
Jurassic World
Legends of Chima
Marvel Super Heroes
Minecraft
Minifigures
Nexo Knights
NINJAGO
Star Wars
Technic
The Lord of the Rings
Loungefly
Shop All Loungefly
Loungefly Accessories
Loungefly Backpacks
Loungefly Bags
Loungefly Wallets
Mighty Muggs
Shop All Mighty Muggs
G.I. Joe Mighty Muggs
Indiana Jones Mighty Muggs
Marvel Mighty Muggs
Star Wars Mighty Muggs
Transformers Mighty Muggs
Mystery Boxes
PopSockets
Shop All PopSockets
Designs
Locker Room
Mounts
Pop Culture
Premium
PRE-ORDERS
Tiny Ghost
Tokidoki
Shop All Tokidoki
Tokidoki Blind Boxes
Tokidoki Keychains
Tokidoki Figures
Tokidoki Pins
Tokidoki Plush
Tokun
Q Posket
Home
Holiday
Funko Pop!
Blog
Free Shipping
Gift Card
Locations
Stay in touch
Newsletter
Popular products
Spider-Man: Far From Home Pop! Vinyl Figure MJ
$9.95
Books Pop! Vinyl Figure Twisted Chica [Five Nights at Freddy's: The Twisted Ones] [19]
$14.95
Marvel Pop! Vinyl Figure Black Panther T'Challa White Robe [Black Panther] [352]
$19.95
Marvel Pop! Vinyl Figure Black Panther T'Challa Black Robe [Black Panther] [351]
Sorry, this item is out of stock
Jurassic World Fallen Kingdom Pop! Vinyl Figure Claire Dearing [590]
Sorry, this item is out of stock
Home
»
Privacy Policy
Privacy Policy
Fugitive Toys provides this Privacy Policy to inform users of our policies and procedures regarding the collection, use and disclosure of personally identifiable information received from users of this web application, located at fugitivetoys.com ("Site") or collected through our store ("Service" ). This Privacy Policy may be updated from time to time for any reason; each version will apply to information collected while it was in place. We will notify you of any material changes to our Privacy Policy by posting the new Privacy Policy on our Site. You are advised to consult this Privacy Policy regularly for any changes.
By using our Site you are consenting to our processing of your information as set forth in this Privacy Policy now and as amended by us. "Processing" means using cookies on a computer or using or touching information in any way, including, but not limited to, collecting, storing, deleting, using, combining and disclosing information, all of which activities will take place in the United States. If you reside outside the U.S. your personally identifiable information will be transferred to the U.S., and processed and stored there under U.S. privacy standards. By visiting our Site and providing information to us, you consent to such transfer to, and processing in, the US.
If you have any questions or comments about this Privacy Policy or our use of your personally identifiable information, please contact us.
Information Collection and Use
Our primary goals in collecting personally identifiable information are to provide you with the product and services made available through the Site, including, but not limited, to the Service, to communicate with you, and to manage your registered user account, if you have one.
Information Collected Upon Registration. If you desire to have access to certain restricted sections of the Site, you will be required to become a registered user, and to submit certain personally identifiable information to the Site. This happens in a number of instances, such as when you sign up for the Service, or if you desire to receive marketing materials and information. Personally identifiable information that we may collect in such instances may include your IP address, full user name, password, email address, city, time zone, telephone number, and other information that you decide to provide us with.
Use of Contact Information In addition, we may use your contact information to market to you, and provide you with information about, our products and services, including but not limited to our Service. If you decide at any time that you no longer wish to receive such information or communications from us, please follow the unsubscribe instructions provided in any of the communications.
Log Data When you visit the Site, our servers automatically record information that your browser sends whenever you visit a website ("Log Data" ). This Log Data may include information such as your IP address, browser type or the domain from which you are visiting, the web-pages you visit, the search terms you use, and any advertisements on which you click. For most users accessing the Internet from an Internet service provider the IP address will be different every time you log on. We use Log Data to monitor the use of the Site and of our Service, and for the Site's technical administration. We do not associate your IP address with any other personally identifiable information to identify you personally, except in case of violation of the Terms of Service
Cookies
Like many websites, we also use "cookie" technology to collect additional website usage data and to improve the Site and our service. A cookie is a small data file that we transfer to your computer's hard disk. We do not use cookies to collect personally identifiable information. Site may use both session cookies and persistent cookies to better understand how you interact with the Site and our Service, to monitor aggregate usage by our users and web traffic routing on the Site, and to improve the Site and our services. A session cookie enables certain features of the Site and our service and is deleted from your computer when you disconnect from or leave the Site. A persistent cookie remains after you close your browser and may be used by your browser on subsequent visits to the Site. Persistent cookies can be removed by following your web browser help file directions. Most Internet browsers automatically accept cookies. You can instruct your browser, by editing its options, to stop accepting cookies or to prompt you before accepting a cookie from the websites you visit.
Information Sharing and Disclosure
Service Providers We engage certain trusted third parties to perform functions and provide services to us, including, without limitation, hosting and maintenance, customer relationship, database storage and management, and direct marketing campaigns. We will share your personally identifiable information with these third parties, but only to the extent necessary to perform these functions and provide such services, and only pursuant to binding contractual obligations requiring such third parties to maintain the privacy and security of your data.
Compliance with Laws and Law Enforcement Site cooperates with government and law enforcement officials or private parties to enforce and comply with the law. We may disclose any information about you to government or law enforcement officials or private parties as we, in our sole discretion, believe necessary or appropriate to respond to claims, legal process (including subpoenas), to protect the property and rights of the Site or a third party, the safety of the public or any person, to prevent or stop any illegal, unethical, or legally actionable activity, or to comply with the law.
Business Transfers Site may sell, transfer or otherwise share some or all of its assets, including your personally identifiable information, in connection with a merger, acquisition, reorganization or sale of assets or in the event of bankruptcy. You will have the opportunity to opt out of any such transfer if the new entity's planned processing of your information differs materially from that set forth in this Privacy Policy.
Security
Fugitive Toys is very concerned about safeguarding the confidentiality of your personally identifiable information. We employ administrative, physical and electronic measures designed to protect your information from unauthorized access.
We will make any legally-required disclosures of any breach of the security, confidentiality, or integrity of your unencrypted electronically stored personal data to you via email or conspicuous posting on this Site in the most expedient time possible and without unreasonable delay, consistent with (i) the legitimate needs of law enforcement or (ii) any measures necessary to determine the scope of the breach and restore the reasonable integrity of the data system.
Links to Other Websites
Our Site contains links to other websites. The fact that we link to a website is not an endorsement, authorization or representation of our affiliation with that third party. We do not exercise control over third party websites. These other websites may place their own cookies or other files on your computer, collect data or solicit personally identifiable information from you. Other sites follow different rules regarding the use or disclosure of the personally identifiable information you submit to them. We encourage you to read the privacy policies or statements of the other websites you visit.
Pricing Information
Pricing and/or inventory errors may occur on Fugitive Toys website.  Fugitive Toys reserves the right to cancel any orders containing these errors, with no further obligations to you, even after your receipt of an order confirmation or shipping notice from Fugitive Toys.  Fugitive Toys may, at its discretion, either contact you for instructions or cancel your order and notify you of such cancellation.
Blind Boxes / Sealed Cards / Surprise Toys Policy
Due to the large amount of fraudulent claims, Fugitive Toys will not be able to guarantee these items coming in perfect condition.  Items may come with damaged/missing parts or cards may be short the stated number.  We have no control on quality checks nor do we open the items to verify their contents.  If your item comes in less than expected condition, please contact the manufacturer directly to resolve the issue.
THERE ARE NO RETURNS, REFUNDS OR EXCHANGES ON ANY OF OUR BLIND BOXED/SEALED CARDS/SURPRISE TOYS. NO EXCEPTIONS. ALL SALES ARE FINAL.
By placing an order on our website, you agree and understand the risks with purchasing these types of items.
Bulk Purchases and Orders Exceeding Limits Allowable
Our website is intended for personal, non commercial use.  We do not offer quantity discounts and we reserve the right to prohibit sales to dealers and resellers.  Fugitive Toys reserves the right to limit the quantity of items per person, per household or per order.  Fugitive Toys reserves the right to cancel orders at any time should your order exceed the limits allowable.
Our Policy Towards Children
The Site is not directed to persons under 18. If a parent or guardian becomes aware that his or her child has provided us with personally identifiable information without their consent, he or she should contact us. We do not knowingly collect personally identifiable information from children under 13. If we become aware that a child under 13 has provided us with personal identifiable Information, we will delete such information from our files.
Our brands
x