http://www.californiababy.com/pages/terms-conditions
Bath & Hair
Bug & Sun
Eczema
The Rest
close
Shampoo & Bodywashes
Bubble Bath
Hair Conditioners
Bath Drops
Hair De-Tangler & Hair Gel
Bath & Hair Bulk
Accessories
Sunscreens
Natural Bug Spray
After Sun
Swimmer's Defense
Sun Accessories
Sun Bulk Sizes
Eczema Shampoo & Bodywash
Eczema Cream
Eczema Bulk Sizes
100% Plant-Based Products
Most Popular Essentials
Sales & Promos
Creams & Lotions
Hand Sanitizers
Moisturizing Handwashes
Diaper
Gifts & Totes
Bulk Sizes
Aroma Sticks
For Home
California Kids
Fur Baby
Samples
About California Baby
Our Organic Farm
Meet our Founder
Our Products
Contact Us
My Account
Shipping
Return Policy
FAQ
Our Manufacturing Facility
Terms & Conditions
CALIFORNIA BABY® WEBSITE TERMS OF USE
Updated July 24, 2019
WELCOME TO THE CALIFORNIA BABY WEBSITE. THIS DOCUMENT SETS FORTH THE TERMS AND CONDITIONS ASSOCIATED WITH A VISITOR’S (YOU / YOUR) USE OF THE CALIFORNIA BABY®  (“US” / “WE” / “OUR” / “OUR COMPANY”) WEBSITE (“TERMS OF USE”).  BY USING OUR WEBSITE, YOU ACCEPT ALL TERMS AND CONDITIONS OF ITS USE AS DESCRIBED IN THESE TERMS OF USE. YOUR REMEDY FOR DISSATISFACTION WITH OUR WEBSITE OR ITS CONTENTS IS TO STOP USING OUR WEBSITE.
SECTION 1 - ACCESSING OUR WEBSITE
You are responsible for making all arrangements necessary for you to have Internet connectivity and access to our Website. We reserve the right to amend, restrict or remove any portion of our Website, as well as any products or services that we offer on our Website, in our sole discretion and without notice to you. We will not be liable if, for any reason, all or any part of our Website or products are unavailable at any time or for any reason.
SECTION 2 - INTELLECTUAL PROPERTY RIGHTS
(a)  Our Website and its contents, features and functionality (including but not limited to all information, software, text, displays, images, video and audio, and the design, selection and arrangement thereof) are owned by us, our licensors or other providers of such material, and are protected by United States and international copyright, trademark, patent, trade secret and other intellectual property or proprietary rights laws. These Terms of Use permit you to use our Website for your non-commercial use only. No right, title or interest in or to our Website, or any content on our Website, is transferred to you, and all rights not expressly granted are reserved by us.
(b) You must not reproduce, distribute, modify, create derivative works of, publicly display, publicly perform, republish, download, store or transmit any of the material on our Website, except as follows: (i) you may store files that are automatically cached by your web browser for display enhancement purposes; (ii) if we provide desktop, mobile or other applications for download, you may download a single copy to your computer or mobile device solely for your own personal, non-commercial use, provided you agree to be bound by an applicable end user license agreement for such applications; and (iii) if we provide social media features at any time, you may take such actions as are enabled by such features.
(c) You may not: (i) use any illustrations, photographs, video or audio sequences or any graphics separately from the accompanying text; or (ii) delete or alter any copyright, trademark or other proprietary rights notices from copies of materials from our Website; or (iii) access or use for any commercial purposes any part of our Website or any products or services available through our Website.
(d) Our name, logo, and all related product and service names, artwork, graphics, designs, and slogans constitute trademarks or service marks (“Marks”) of our Company and/or our affiliates and licensors. You may not use such Marks without our prior written consent. All other names, logos, product and service names, designs and slogans on our Website are the trademarks of their respective owners.
SECTION 3 - YOUR OBLIGATIONS AND REPRESENTATIONS
(a) This Website and any communications service, including the capability to contribute material through the contribution form (each such submission, a "Contribution"), chat room, message board, newsgroup, or other interactive service that may be available to you on or through this site (collectively, the "Services") are provided solely for entertainment purposes. By using our Website and Services you agree: (a) to provide true, accurate, current and complete information about yourself as prompted by the subscription form, contribution form and any registration form. If any information provided by you is untrue, inaccurate, not current or incomplete, California Baby® reserves the right to terminate your subscription and refuse any and all current or future use of the Services.
(b) You may use our Website only for lawful purposes and in accordance with these Terms of Use.
(c) You promise that: (i) you are of legal age for your jurisdiction; (ii) you will not use our Website in any way that violates any applicable local or international law or regulation; (iii) you will not impersonate or attempt to impersonate us, our employees, another customer or user, or any other company, person or entity; (iv) you will not do anything that could disable, overburden, damage, or impair our Website or interfere with any person’s use of our Website; (v) you will not use any robot, spider or other automatic device, process or means to access our Website for any unlawful purpose or in violation of these Terms of Use; (vi) you will not introduce any viruses, trojan horses, worms, logic bombs or other material that is malicious or technologically harmful; and (vii) you will not co-brand or frame our Website or hyper-link to it without first obtaining the express prior written permission of an authorized representative of our Company.
To seek our permission, you may write to California Baby®. We reserve the right, however, to rescind any permission granted by us to link through any type of link, and to require termination of any such link to the Website, at our discretion at any time.
SECTION 4 – BLOG CONTENT
California Baby® is committed to providing information on a wide variety of health and beauty topics. The editorial information we provide is not intended to be a substitute for professional medical advice, diagnosis, or treatment. Always seek the advice of your physician or other qualified health care provider with any questions you may have regarding a medical condition. Never disregard professional medical advice or delay in seeking it because of something you have read on our site or any other website. Reliance on any information provided by California Baby®, its employees, others appearing on the Website at the invitation of California Baby®, or other visitors to the website is solely at your own risk. The information contained in the California Baby® blog is for informational and entertainment purposes only and does not constitute legal or medical advice. Comments, feedback and responses on this blog are not confidential and are subject to these Terms of Service and our Privacy Policy.  The opinions expressed in the blog are the opinions of the contributors only and may not reflect the opinions of California Baby® or its employees. No representations are made as to the accuracy, completeness, or validity of any information contained in the blog.
SECTION 5 - USER CONTRIBUTIONS
(a) We may from time-to-time provide interactive services, such as message boards, customer comments and feedback, blog posts, or other interactive features that allow users to post, submit, publish, blog, display or transmit (hereinafter, “post”) your furnished content or materials (collectively, “User Contributions”) on or through our Website. All User Contributions must comply with the Content Standards set out in this Policy.
(b) Any User Contribution that you post will be considered non-confidential and non-proprietary, to the extent permitted by law. California Baby® does not solicit nor does it wish to receive any confidential, secret, or proprietary information or other materials from you through the Website or California Baby® mail or e-mail addresses, or in any other way. By providing a User Contribution, you grant us and our successors the right to use, reproduce, modify, perform, display, distribute, delete, or disclose to third parties any such material. You promise that you own or control all rights in and to the User Contributions and have the right to grant such license to us. You agree that you will have no claim or other recourse against us for infringement of any proprietary right with respect to your User Contributions. You acknowledge and agree that you waive any moral (or similar) rights that you may have in any territory regarding such User Contributions, including but not limited to, the right to be attributed as the author of the User Contributions.
(c) If you provide a User Contribution to be published or displayed on public areas of our Website, or transmitted to other users of the Website or any third parties, you accept that your User Contributions are posted on and transmitted to others at your own risk. Additionally, we cannot control the actions of other users of our Website or any third parties with whom you may choose to share your User Contributions. Therefore, we cannot and do not guarantee that your User Contributions will not be viewed by unauthorized persons.
(d) User Contributions must be accurate and comply with all applicable laws in the country from which they are posted. You understand and acknowledge that you are responsible for any User Contributions you submit or contribute, and you, not us, have full responsibility for such content, including its legality, reliability, accuracy and appropriateness. We are not responsible, or liable to any third-party, for the content or accuracy of any User Contributions posted by you or any other user of our Website.
SECTION 6 – CONTESTS, PROMOTIONS, OR GAMES
From time to time, California Baby® may offer as part of the Services, either on or through the Website, contests, promotions, simulations or games (collectively, "Games"). Game rules will be provided in connection with the particular Game. To participate in Games, players may be required to complete a registration form. Upon submission, all registrations become the exclusive property of California Baby®. Registered users (each, a "Registered User") are permitted only one account. Registered Users with more than one account are subject to immediate disqualification from any Game, unless the description of the Game expressly invites a user to register multiple times. California Baby®, at its sole discretion, may suspend or revoke the registration of any Registered User.
Some Games may offer prizes to Registered Users. All prizes are subject to the official game or contest rules published with that Game. California Baby® Natural Living™ reserves the right to cancel, terminate or alter any Game or the rules thereof at any time without prior notification. Unless otherwise expressly provided in the official rules for a specific Game, any discount code or award certificate code offered through participation in any contest, promotion, or game, is a single use code, for use only by the eligible participant that satisfied the terms of the Game, to be used towards a future purchase with the associated Program Account. Only one (1) Reward Certificate or Discount Code may be used per transaction. The full balance of any redeemed Reward Certificate must be used at time of purchase or remaining balance will be forfeited. Reward Certificate cannot be used towards taxes, shipping and handling, or prior purchases. Each Reward Certificate or Discount Code is non-transferable and may be used only once by the Program Account holder to whom it was provided. Neither the Discount Codes nor the Reward Certificates can be combined with any other offer, discount code, or reward certificate. Any order with which a Discount Code or Reward Certificate is attempted to be used in violation of these Terms or any official rules of an Game, or by any ineligible person, shall be cancelled.
Registered Users agree to release California Baby® and its agents, advertisers, sponsors or promotional partners, from all liability arising from participation in any of Game located on, or accessed through, the Website. California Baby® is not responsible for technical, hardware or software failures of any kind, lost or unavailable network connections, or failed, incomplete, garbled or delayed computer transmissions which may limit any Registered User's ability to participate in any Game.
Each Registered User agrees to be bound by the official rules of any Game and by the rules of fair play and consideration of fellow Registered User. A Registered User who violates any of the rules or guidelines for behavior published on the Web Site, or the site where the Game is conducted, are subject to immediate disqualification and revocation of their registration. California Baby® is under no obligation to award any prize to any Registered User who violates a published rule or guideline.
SECTION 7 - CONTENT STANDARDS
These content standards apply to all User Contributions and use of Interactive Services, if offered. User Contributions must in their entirety comply with all applicable local and international laws and regulations. Without limiting the foregoing, User Contributions must not:
Contain any material that is defamatory, obscene, indecent, abusive, offensive, harassing, violent, hateful, inflammatory or otherwise objectionable
Promote sexually explicit or pornographic material, violence, or discrimination based on race, sex, religion, nationality, disability, sexual orientation or age
Infringe any patent, trademark, trade secret, copyright or other intellectual property or other rights of any third-party
Infringe the legal rights (including the right of publicity and privacy) of others or contain any material that could give rise to any civil or criminal liability under applicable laws
Promote any illegal activity, or advocate, promote or assist any unlawful act
Cause annoyance, inconvenience or needless anxiety or be likely to upset, embarrass, alarm or annoy any other person
Impersonate any person, or misrepresent your identity or affiliation with any person or organization
Involve commercial activities or sales
Be likely to deceive or give the impression that they emanate from or are endorsed by us, or any other person or entity
SECTION 8 - MONITORING AND ENFORCEMENT; TERMINATION
We have the right, but not the obligation, to review, screen, delete or edit any User Contribution. You accept that such contributions do not reflect our views and are not endorsed by us.
We have the right to: (a) remove or refuse to post any User Contributions for any reason; (b) take any action with respect to User Contributions we deem necessary or appropriate; (c) disclose your identity or other information about you to any third-party who in our opinion reasonably claims that material posted by you infringes their rights, including their intellectual property rights or their right to privacy; (d) take appropriate legal action, including without limitation, referral to law enforcement, for any illegal or unauthorized use of our Website; (e) terminate or suspend your access to all or part of our Website.
Without limiting the foregoing, we have the right to fully cooperate with law enforcement authorities requesting or directing us to disclose the identity or other information of anyone posting any materials on or through our Website. We do not undertake to review material before it is posted on our Website and cannot ensure prompt removal of objectionable material after it has been posted. Accordingly, we assume no liability for any action or inaction regarding transmissions, communications or content provided by any user or third-party. We have no liability or responsibility to anyone for performance or nonperformance of the activities described in this section.
SECTION 9 - COPYRIGHT INFRINGEMENT
We take claims of copyright infringement seriously. We will respond to notices of alleged copyright infringement where appropriate. If you believe any materials accessible on or from our Website infringe your copyright, you may request removal of those materials (or access thereto) from our Website by submitting written notification to our Copyright Agent (designated below). In accordance with the Digital Millennium Copyright Act (17 U.S.C. § 512) (“DMCA”), the written notice (the “DMCA Notice”) must include substantially the following: (a) your physical or electronic signature; (b) identification of the copyrighted work you believe has been infringed or, if the claim involves multiple works on our Website, a representative list of such works; (c) identification of the material you believe to be infringing, in a sufficiently precise manner to allow us to locate that material; (d) adequate information to contact you (including your name, postal address, telephone number and, if available, e-mail address); (e) a statement that you have a good faith belief that use of the copyrighted material is not authorized by the copyright owner, its agent or the law; (f) a statement that the information in the written notice is accurate; and (g) a statement, under penalty of perjury, that you are authorized to act on behalf of the copyright owner.
Our designated Copyright Agent to receive DMCA Notices is:
California BabyCopyright Agent5933 Bowcroft Street,Los Angeles, CA 90016
If you fail to comply with all of the requirements of Section 512(c)(3) of the DMCA, your DMCA Notice may not be effective. Please be aware that if you knowingly misrepresent that material or activity on our Website is infringing your copyright, you may be held liable for damages (including costs and legal fees).
SECTION 10 - RELIANCE ON INFORMATION POSTED
The information presented on or through our Website is made available solely for general information and entertainment purposes. We do not make any statements regarding the accuracy, completeness or usefulness of this information. Any reliance you place on such information is strictly at your own risk. Our Website includes content provided by third responsible, or liable to you or any third-party, for the content or accuracy of materials provided by any third parties.
SECTION 11 - PRIVACY
All information we collect on our Website is subject to our Privacy Policy.  By using our Website, you consent to all actions taken by us with respect to your information in compliance with our Privacy Policy.
SECTION 12 - LINKS FROM THE WEBSITE
If our Website contains links to other sites and resources provided by third parties, these links are provided for your convenience only. We have no control over the contents of those sites or resources and we accept no responsibility for them or for any loss or damage that may arise from your use of them. If you decide to access any third-party websites linked to our Website, you do so entirely at your own risk and subject to the terms and conditions of use for such third-party websites.
SECTION 13 - LINKING TO THE WEBSITE AND SOCIAL MEDIA FEATURES
You may link to our homepage, provided you do so in a way that is fair and legal and does not damage our reputation or take advantage of it, but you must not establish a link in such a way as to suggest any form of association, approval or endorsement on our part (unless you have received the prior, express written consent of our CEO). Our Website may provide certain social media features that enable you to:
Link from your own or certain third-party websites to certain content on our Website
Send e-mails or other communications with certain content or links to specific content on our Website
Cause limited portions of content on our Website to be displayed or appear to be displayed on your own or certain third-party websites
You may use these features solely as they are provided by us, and solely with respect to the content they are displayed with, and otherwise in accordance with any additional terms and conditions we provide with respect to such features. Subject to the foregoing, you must not:
Establish a link from any website that is not owned by you
Cause our Website or portions of them to be displayed, or appear to be displayed by, for example, framing, deep linking or in-line linking, on any other site
Link to any part of our Website other than the homepage
Otherwise take any action with respect to the materials on our Website that is inconsistent with any other provision of these Terms of Use.
The website from which you are linking, or on which you make certain content accessible, must comply in all respects with the Content Standards set out in this Policy. You agree to cooperate with us in causing any unauthorized framing or linking immediately to cease. We reserve the right to withdraw linking permission without notice. We may disable all or any social media features and any links at any time without notice and in our sole discretion.
SECTION 14 - PRODUCTS AND SERVICES
Certain products or services may be available exclusively online through our Website. These products or services may have limited quantities and are subject to return or exchange only according to our Returns Policy.  Prices for our products and/or services are subject to change without notice.  We reserve the right at any time to modify or discontinue products and/or services from our Website, without notice.  We shall not be liable to you or to any third party for any modification, price change, suspension or discontinuance of our products or services.
We have made every effort to display as accurately as possible the colors and images of our products that appear at the store. We cannot guarantee that your computer monitor's display of any color will be accurate.
We do not warrant that the quality of any products, services, information, or other material purchased or obtained by you will meet your expectations, or that any errors in the Service will be corrected.
SECTION 15 –ACCURACY OF BILLING AND ACCOUNT INFORMATION; PRICE MISTAKES
We reserve the right to refuse or cancel any order you place with us. We may, in our sole discretion, limit or cancel quantities purchased per person, per household or per order. These restrictions may include orders placed by or under the same customer account, the same credit card, and/or orders that use the same billing and/or shipping address.  In the event we make a change to or cancel an order, we may attempt to notify you by contacting the e-mail and/or billing address/phone number provided at the time the order was made. We reserve the right to limit or prohibit orders that, in our sole judgment, appear to be placed by dealers, resellers or distributors.
You agree to provide current, complete, and accurate purchase and account information for all purchases made at our store. You agree to promptly update your account and other information, including your email address and credit card numbers and expiration dates, so that we can complete your transactions and contact you as needed.  For more detail, please review our Returns Policy.
With respect to items sold by us on our Website, we cannot confirm the price of an item until you order. Despite our best efforts, occasionally an item on our Website may be mispriced. If the correct price of an item sold on our Website is higher than our stated price, we will, at our discretion, either contact you for instructions before shipping or cancel your order and notify you of such cancellation.  We generally do not charge your credit card until after your order has entered the shipping process.
SECTION 16 - SHIPMENT AND RISK OF LOSS
California Baby® will add applicable shipping and handling fees to your order. Unless otherwise noted, California Baby® will use commercially reasonable efforts to ship products within a reasonable time after receipt of your properly completed order. Please allow 1 – 2 days for processing your order. Although California Baby® may provide delivery or shipment timeframes or dates, you understand that those are California Baby®’s good-faith estimates and may be subject to change. You further understand that product availability may be limited and particular products may not be available for immediate delivery, in which case the products will be delivered when they become available. If your order will be delayed (either from the date specified at the time of order or, if no date was specified, beyond 30 days from the date of your order, California Baby®   will use reasonable good faith efforts to contact you. If California Baby®   cannot contact you or you no longer wish to receive the item, California Baby®   will cancel the order and promptly refund the amount tendered, and will do so within 7 business days if made using third-party credit card, such as a Visa or Mastercard. California Baby® shall not be liable for any loss, damage, cost, or expense related to any delay in shipment or delivery. All items purchased from the Website are delivered to shipment carriers. The risk of loss and title for such items pass to you upon our delivery to the carrier. California Baby® may reject orders where the stated delivery address is outside the United States. If you make a mistake in entering the delivery address and the package is delivered before we are notified, California Baby® will not be held accountable. If a product is returned to us because of an issue/typo with the delivery address or the recipient is not able to receive the order - California Baby® can reship your order for a $10 re-shipping fee. If you would like us to refund your order, we will issue a refund subject to a $5 restocking fee.
SECTION 17 - SALES TAX
In the United States, California Baby®  is required to collect applicable state and local sales tax on orders shipped to certain states. Taxes apply to most merchandise, but some states exclude certain items, like food products. Some taxing authorities also require the taxable amount to include any shipping and handling charges, while others charge sales tax only on merchandise. California Baby®   is required to follow the rules of each state. Your final order total will include the appropriate state and local taxes.
SECTION 18 - INTERNATIONAL ORDERS
California Baby® does not directly sell certain California Baby® products in any jurisdiction other than the United States of America, as these products may not be approved for sale in other jurisdictions. While California Baby®   may choose to accept orders for the purchase of its products from non-U.S. residents, the acceptance of such orders and the sale of such products will be subject to the following conditions:
You agree that the purchase of any California Baby®   products by you, as a non-U.S. resident, shall be (i) ex works California Baby®’s facilities in the United States per Incoterms 2010, with all title risk and loss in the products passing to you in the United States; and (ii) for your own personal use only and not for further resale or distribution in any manner.
You further agree not to order more than a ninety (90) day supply of any consumable products within any ninety (90) day period; you hereby expressly authorize and direct California Baby®   to load and ship the purchased products to your shipping address and to contract on your behalf with a courier company for that purpose; and you are the principal importer of record and will undertake responsibility for all applicable taxes, shipping, customs clearance, duties and import requirements from California Baby®  ’s facilities in the United States to your foreign shipping address.
SECTION 19- AUTOMATIC RENEWAL SUBSCRIPTION PROGRAM
If you are placing an order online or by telephone as part of our automatic renewal subscription program, your membership in the program will remain in effect until it is canceled. We may, in our sole discretion, terminate your membership in the program at any time without notice to you. Click here for the terms of our Subscription Service.
IF YOU ARE A MEMBER OF OUR AUTOMATIC RENEWAL SUBSCRIPTION PROGRAM AND YOU HAVE PROVIDED US WITH A VALID CREDIT CARD NUMBER OR AN ALTERNATE PAYMENT METHOD, EACH SHIPMENT WILL BE AUTOMATICALLY PROCESSED AT THE TIME OF EACH SUCCESSIVE SHIPMENT AND/OR INSTALLMENT AND WILL BE BILLED TO THE PAYMENT METHOD YOU PROVIDED TO US AT THE TIME OF YOUR INITIAL PURCHASE AND ENROLLMENT. IF YOU WISH TO CANCEL YOUR PARTICIPATION IN OUR AUTOMATIC RENEWAL PROGRAM, YOU MAY DO SO BY CONTACTING CUSTOMER SERVICE OR VIA THE ‘MANAGE SUBSCRIPTION’ LINK YOU RECEIVED IN YOUR EMAIL AFTER YOUR FIRST PURCHASE.
If you are participating in our automatic renewal program using a credit card and your credit card fails to process for a subsequent shipment, California Baby®   may convert your account to a pay-by-check plan. If your account has been converted to a pay-by-check plan, you will receive an invoice along with your shipment. Invoiced items not paid within 28 days of receipt will be considered past due and California Baby®   will send you communications to collect past due balances. If you fail to timely update your credit card information or fail to timely pay by check, your membership in our automatic renewal program may be terminated and your account may be sent for collection.
SECTION 20 - RETURN / REFUND POLICY
Product purchases from www.californiababy.com
Orders cannot be cancelled once shipped. Upon receipt, if you’re not 100% satisfied with our products, we’ll work with you to create a solution. Requests must be submitted within 30 days of your order ship date. We can issue a full refund for unopened items. For opened/used items we can only provide store credit.
If a product is returned to Us because of an issue/typo with the delivery address or the recipient is not able to receive the order - We can reship the order for an additional $10 reshipping fee. We are not held liable or accountable for your mistake in entering the wrong delivery address and the package is shipped before we are notified of the mistake. If you would like Us to refund your order, $5.00 restocking fee may be applied to any refunded amount.
If you ordered the wrong product by accident, you may ship the product back to us for an exchange, but you will be responsible for any return shipping costs.
As a company, we work very hard to ensure quality product--and our return tracking is a large component of this process. Product should be returned to the place of purchase. If purchased from www.californiababy.com we will request to receive the product back for evaluation.
Within the US and Canada, include a copy of your receipt for postage, we will replace the product and include a shampoo (or another product of your choice of equal value to the shipping) to cover the cost.  Our shipping address is:
California Baby5933 Bowcroft St.Los Angeles, CA   90016
International orders:  For international orders, please email our customer service department with an explanation of why you want to return the Product. At California Baby’s discretion we may request that the Product be returned and a credit will be issued to your credit card originally used for the purchase.
Product purchased at other retail locations/websites:
Please keep a copy of your receipt.  All purchases made at a retail location must be returned to the place of purchase.  Purchases are subject to the retailer’s return policy.
SECTION 21 - ELECTRONIC COMMUNICATIONS, SIGNATURES AND AGREEMENTS
The information communicated by you through our Website constitutes an electronic communication. When you communicate with California Baby®   through our Website or via other forms of electronic media, such as e-mail, you are communicating with California Baby®   electronically. You agree that California Baby®   may communicate electronically with you and that such communications, as well as notices, disclosures, agreements, and other communications that California Baby®   provides to you electronically, are equivalent to communications in writing and shall have the same force and effect as if they were in writing and signed by the party sending the communication (e.g., by California Baby®   or you). You further acknowledge and agree that by clicking on the button labeled “SUBMIT,” “DOWNLOAD,” “I ACCEPT,” “I AGREE,” or such similar links as may be designated by California Baby®  , you are submitting a legally binding electronic signature and are entering into a legally binding contract. You acknowledge that your electronic submissions constitute your agreement and intent to be bound by this Agreement and any hyperlinks contained herein. Pursuant to any applicable statutes, regulations, rules, ordinances or other laws, including, without limitation, the United States Electronic Signatures in Global and National Commerce Act, P.L. 106-229 (the “E-Sign Act”) or other similar statutes, YOU HEREBY AGREE TO THE USE OF ELECTRONIC SIGNATURES, CONTRACTS, ORDERS AND OTHER RECORDS AND TO ELECTRONIC DELIVERY OF NOTICES, POLICIES AND RECORDS OF TRANSACTIONS INITIATED OR COMPLETED THROUGH THE WEBSITE OR SERVICES OFFERED BY CALIFORNIA BABY®.
Furthermore, you hereby waive any rights or requirements under any statutes, regulations, rules, ordinances or other laws in any jurisdiction which require an original signature, delivery or retention of non-electronic records, or to payments or the granting of credits by other than electronic means.
SECTION 22 - NO PROMISES
YOUR USE OF OUR WEBSITE IS AT YOUR OWN RISK. OUR WEBSITE IS PROVIDED ON AN “AS IS” AND “AS AVAILABLE” BASIS, WITHOUT ANY PROMISES OF ANY KIND, EITHER EXPRESS OR IMPLIED. NEITHER OUR COMPANY NOR ANY PERSON ASSOCIATED WITH OUR COMPANY MAKES ANY PROMISE, WARRANTY OR REPRESENTATION WITH RESPECT TO THE COMPLETENESS, SECURITY, RELIABILITY, QUALITY, ACCURACY OR AVAILABILITY OF OUR WEBSITE. WITHOUT LIMITING THE FOREGOING, NEITHER OUR COMPANY NOR ANYONE ASSOCIATED WITH OUR COMPANY PROMISES, REPRESENTS OR WARRANTS THAT OUR WEBSITE WILL BE ACCURATE, RELIABLE, ERROR-FREE OR UNINTERRUPTED, THAT DEFECTS WILL BE CORRECTED, THAT THE WEBSITE OR THE SERVER THAT MAKES THEM AVAILABLE ARE FREE OF VIRUSES OR OTHER HARMFUL COMPONENTS, OR THAT THE WEBSITE WILL OTHERWISE MEET YOUR NEEDS OR EXPECTATIONS. WE HEREBY DISCLAIM ALL WARRANTIES OF ANY KIND, WHETHER EXPRESS OR IMPLIED, STATUTORY OR OTHERWISE, INCLUDING BUT NOT LIMITED TO ANY WARRANTIES OF MERCHANTABILITY, NON-INFRINGEMENT AND FITNESS FOR PARTICULAR PURPOSE.
SECTION 23 -  LIMITATION OF LIABILITY
TO THE MAXIMUM EXTENT PERMITTED BY LAW, IN NO EVENT SHALL OUR COMPANY, INCLUDING OUR LICENSORS, EMPLOYEES, AGENTS, OFFICERS OR DIRECTORS, BE LIABLE TO YOU OR ANY THIRD-PARTY FOR ANY SPECIAL, PUNITIVE, INCIDENTAL, INDIRECT OR CONSEQUENTIAL DAMAGES OF ANY KIND, OR ANY DAMAGES WHATSOEVER, INCLUDING, WITHOUT LIMITATION, THOSE RESULTING FROM LOSS OF USE, LOSS OF DATA, OR LOSS OF PROFITS, WHETHER OR NOT WE HAVE BEEN ADVISED OF THE POSSIBILITY OF SUCH DAMAGES, ON ANY THEORY OF LIABILITY ARISING OUT OF OR IN CONNECTION WITH THE USE OF OUR WEBSITE OR OF ANY WEBSITE REFERENCED OR LINKED TO OR FROM OUR WEBSITE. YOU WILL BE RESPONSIBLE FOR ALL CLAIMS AND DAMAGES RESULTING FROM THE MISUSE OF OUR WEBSITE BY YOU.
SECTION 24 -  INDEMNIFICATION
Upon a request by California Baby®, you agree to defend, indemnify and hold California Baby®, its affiliates, officers, directors and employees harmless from any and all claims, liabilities, costs and expenses, including reasonable attorneys' fees, arising in any way from your use or misuse of the Website or Services, or the uploading, posting, publishing, e-mailing, reproduction, distribution or transmission of any Content or other materials by you or users authorized by you or any violation of these Terms and Conditions by you. California Baby® reserves the right, at its own expense, to assume the exclusive defense and control of any matter otherwise subject to indemnification by you, in which event you will cooperate with California Baby® in asserting any available defense.
SECTION 25 - CHANGES
We reserve the right, in our sole discretion, to change these Terms of Use at any time. Any changes are effective immediately upon posting to our Website. Your continued use of our Website constitutes your agreement to all such terms and conditions.
SECTION 26 - EQUITABLE RELIEF
You acknowledge that a breach of any confidentiality or proprietary rights provision of these Terms of Use may cause us irreparable damage, for which the award of damages would not be adequate compensation. Consequently, we may institute an action to enjoin you from any and all acts in violation of these Terms of Use, which remedy shall be cumulative and not exclusive, and we may seek the entry of an injunction enjoining any breach or threatened breach of these Terms of Use, in addition to any other relief to which we may be entitled under law or in equity.
SECTION 27 -  GOVERNING LAW AND VENUE
This Policy shall be construed and governed by the laws of the State of California, without regard to the principles of conflict of laws thereof. You agree and accept that any legal action or proceeding shall be brought in the federal or state courts for the State of California and you expressly waive any objection to personal jurisdiction, venue or forum non conveniens. If you are a user of our Website in a member country of the European Economic Area (EEA) or European Union (EU)), these Terms of Use and the relationship between you and us shall be governed by the laws of the EU/EEA member state in which you are domiciled.
SECTION 28 -  SEVERABILITY
If any provision of these Terms of Use is held by a court of competent jurisdiction to be contrary to law, such provision shall be changed and interpreted so as to best accomplish the objectives of the original provision to the fullest extent allowed by law and the remaining provisions of these Terms of Use will remain in full force and effect.
SECTION 29 -  WAIVER AND AMENDMENT
If we fail to insist upon strict performance of your obligations under any of these Terms of Use, or if we fail to exercise any of the rights or remedies to which we are entitled under these Terms of Use, this will not constitute a waiver of such rights or remedies and will not relieve you from compliance with such obligations. No waiver by our Company of any default will constitute a waiver of any subsequent default, and no waiver by our Company of any of these Terms of Use will be effective unless it is expressly stated to be a waiver and is communicated to you in writing.
SECTION 30 -  GEOGRAPHIC RESTRICTIONS
Software, functionality, and/or features (collectively, “Service Functionality”) that may be available on or through our Website from time-to-time are subject to United States Export Controls. No Service Functionality from our Website may be downloaded or exported (i) into (or to a resident of) Cuba, Iran, North Korea, Sudan, and Syria, or any other country the United States has deemed to be an export controlled or embargoed country from time-to-time; or (ii) anyone on the United States Treasury Department's list of Specially Designated Nationals or is otherwise restricted or barred by United States Commerce Department or other US government regulatory orders. By downloading or using any Service Functionality, you represent and warrant that you are not located in, under the control of, or a national or resident of any such country or on any such list. Although our Website may be accessible worldwide, we make no representation that materials on our Website are appropriate or available for use in locations outside the United States, and accessing them from territories where their contents are illegal, is prohibited. Those who choose to access our Website from other locations do so at their own initiative and are responsible for compliance with local laws. Any offer for any product, service, and/or information made in connection with the Service Functionality is void where prohibited.  In addition to the foregoing, products offered for sale on our Website may be subject to alternative labeling, marketing, ingredient, and warning requirements (“Labeling Requirements”) depending on the location where the products are to be sold or shipped.  As a result, product labels depicted on our Website are not necessarily illustrative of or compliant with Labeling Requirements for the products in your jurisdiction.  Any customer inquiries in this regard  can be directed to us via the “Contact Us” link or mailing address in Section 32, below.
SECTION 31 -  FUTURE BUSINESS TRANSACTIONS
As we continue to develop our business, we might undergo a change of ownership, such as a merger and/or a sale of all or substantially all our stock or assets. In such transactions, user information generally is one of the transferred business assets, and by submitting any data or contributions (collectively, “Data”) to us, you agree that such Data may be transferred to such parties in these circumstances. However, any party purchasing our assets will be subject to an obligation to maintain the integrity of your personally identifiable information.  Please consult our Privacy Policy for additional information regarding our collection and use of your Data.
SECTION 32 -  MOBILE / WIRELESS POLCIY
In addition to any fee of which you are notified, your provider's standard messaging rates apply to our confirmation and all subsequent SMS correspondence. No more than two messages per day per SMS subscription will be sent. All charges are billed by and payable by you to your mobile service provider.
We will not be liable for any delays in the receipt of any SMS messages, as delivery is subject to effective transmission from your network operator. SMS message services are provided on an AS IS basis.
Data obtained from you in connection with this SMS service may include your cell phone number, your provider's name, and the date, time, and content of your messages. We may use this information to contact you and to provide the services you request from us. We will never share this information with a third party.
SECTION 33 - COMPLETE UNDERSTANDING
These Terms of Use, together with the documents expressly referred to herein, including but not limited to our Privacy Policy (“Website Documents”), constitute the sole and entire agreement between you and our Company with respect to our Website, and these Website Documents supersede all prior and contemporaneous understandings, agreements, representations and warranties, both written and oral, with respect to our Website.
SECTION 34 – PROVISIONS UNENFORCEABLE OR INVALID
If any part of this agreement is held invalid or unenforceable, that portion shall be construed in a manner consistent with applicable law to reflect, as nearly as possible, the original intentions of the parties, and the remaining portions shall remain in full force and effect.
SECTION 35 -  CONTACT US
Your comments and questions regarding our Website and products are important to us.  Please contact us at feedback@californiababy.com and indicate on the subject line, “Customer Question,” or by mailing us at: California Baby®, 5933 Bowcroft Street, Los Angeles, CA 90016, Attention:  Privacy Compliance or Attention:  Customer Service.
Shop with ease
My Account
Return Policy
Shipping
Contact Us
FAQ
Customer Service
Our Products
Terms & Conditions
Privacy & Security
Wholesale Application
Ingredient Standards
California Baby Reviews
About us
About California Baby
Meet our Founder
Our Organic Farm
Our Manufacturing Facility
Advocacy/NAC
Accessibility Statement
Notice of Collection
Connect with us
Join the Conversation
Press & Media Coverage
Press Inquiries
Medical Sample Inquiries
Mombassadors
Instagram
Facebook
Advocacy/NAC
Press & Media Coverage
Join The Conversation
Press Inquiries
Medical Sample Inquiries
Mombassadors
Customer Service
Return Policy
Notice of Collection
Terms & Conditions
Privacy Policy
Resellers
Instagram
Facebook
© 2020. California Baby. All Rights Reserved
You have no items in your shopping cart.
Customers Also Bought
Deluxe Travel Set
Current Price
$20.00
Add to Cart
Calendula™ Bubble Bath
Current Price
$14.79
Add to Cart
Hand Sanitizers
Current Price
$6.29
Add to Cart
Calendula™ Everyday Lotion
Current Price
$14.49
Add to Cart
Close
Join The Clb
Join the club
Sign up for updates, special
offers and more..
Email *
Join
* indicates a required field
Close
0.5oz Fan Favorites
Want to try some of our must-have products?
0.5oz Fan Favorites
Want to try some of our must-have products?
Please complete your purchase in 2 easy steps.
Subscription customers: please email your sample requests to
customersupport@californiababy.com.
Thank you!
save and keep shopping
Checkout
no thanks
no thanks, pick for me
Breakpoints
$break-smallest-phone
374px
$break-smaller-phone
413px
$break-phone
480px
$break-tablet
767px
$break-tablet-portrait
979px
$break-desktop
1024px
$break-large
1280px
$break-huge
1400px
Colors
$black
#000000
$blue-1
#86a9e3
$blue-2
#677284
$gray-1
#464545
$gray-2
#5e5c5c
$green-1
#b8dd7f
$green-2
#b1d689
$green-3
#eaffee
$orange-1
#f19e6b
$pink-1
#f1bfd2
$purple-1
#400099
$purple-2
#cac8de
$purple-3
#ecebf4
$purple-4
#ebf0fa
$red-1
#db1e34
$red-2
#ea2750
$red-3
#ffebeb
$turquoise-1
#a4e6da
$white
#ffffff
$yellow-1
#f7dc73
$yellow-2
#f8dd73
$yellow-3
#fce794
$yellow-4
#fff3c6
Easing
$ease-1
ease-in-out
$ease-2
cubic-bezier(.75,.02,.5,.99)
Font Weight
Classes fw-light, fw-normal, and fw-bold available.
$normal
400
$medium
500
$bold
700
Paths
$svg-sprite-dir
"assets/"
Text
$primary-font
'Sanchez'
$secondary-font
'futura-pt-condensed'
$tertiary-font
'Open Sans'
$quaternary-font
'Hello Beautiful'
Timers
$fastest-timer
100ms
$fast-timer
200ms
$normal-timer
400ms
$slow-timer
600ms
$slowest-timer
800ms