https://www.backyardbocce.com/privacy-policy/
Home
Privacy Policy
Privacy Policy
We are committed to protecting the privacy and security of our customers and using information they provide responsibly. All information is treated with the utmost security and confidentiality.
We use IP addresses to protect our customers' security and to gather broad geographic information. We do not use IP addresses for any other purpose. Each visitor to our site has a unique IP address. IP addresses do not disclose any other type of personal information, such as names or email addresses.
We use "Cookies" to keep track of items placed in your Shopping Cart as well as identify your computer to allow us to personalize your shopping experience to best meet your interests based on your previous or current activity on our site. A "Cookie" is a small data file stored on your computer and allows our site to capture and remember certain information. "Cookies" are encrypted and sent securely and do not contain any personal information. Your privacy and security are not compromised when you accept a "Cookie" from our site. In order to shop at The English Telephone Booth Co., you must have "Cookies" activated on your browser (ex. Internet Explorer, Firefox, Safari, etc.).
We also require that JavaScript be enabled on your browser. Our servers use JavaScript to provide a more interactive shopping experience and to implement changes to our site. Enabling this coding language on your browser will not affect your computer's performance nor will it collect or store any of your personal information.
We utilize SSL (Secure Sockets Layer) to ensure safe, secure transactions. With SSL, information sent via the Internet is encrypted and can be trusted to arrive privately and unaltered. We believe this element provides the most effective way to ensure your order information is protected and offer a secure shopping environment.
Note: Email is not encrypted and is not considered a secure means of sending credit card information. Please place all orders through the shopping cart feature or over the telephone. For your safety, please do not attempt to place an order via email.
We may request personal information from you including your name, address, telephone number, email address, and credit card number. Please be assured that the information you provide is used strictly to process your order and enhance your shopping experience.
We do not share or sell the email addresses that we have collected. However, from time to time, we may inform you about a product or promotion that we think may interest you. Since we want every contact to be a positive experience, we intentionally limit the offers to those we think you'd appreciate receiving. If you would prefer not to receive these value-added services, offers and opportunities, just contact us at info@backyardbocce.com and request to be removed from our email distribution lists.
×
OK