http://www.emagictricks.co.uk/privacy.php?osCsid=qeuatjqe6a3nq4ga3poj4f58e7
Create account
| Login
| Order history
Your cart is empty
go
home
new products
special offers
reviews
contact us
Privacy Notice
PrivacyWe are committed to protecting your privacy. We will only use the information that we collect about you lawfully (in accordance with the Data Protection Act 1998). We collect information about you for 2 reasons: firstly, to process your order and second, to provide you with the best possible service.We will not e-mail you in the future unless you have given us your consent.
We will never disclose buyers information to third parties.
The type of information we will collect about you includes: your name / address / phone number / email address
We will never collect sensitive information about you without your explicit consent. The information we hold will be accurate and up to date. You can check the information that we hold about you by emailing us. If you find any inaccuracies we will delete or correct it promptly.
Cookies are used on this shopping site, but only to keep track of the contents of your shopping cart once you have selected an item.
The personal information which we hold will be held securely in accordance with our internal security policy and the law
Credit Card Security
We know of no documented cases of credit card fraud using our shopping system over the Internet. All credit card numbers are encrypted in the software when the order is placed using 128 bit encryption. They are only decrypted after they reach our computer. They are not held in clear text on any web site. Once you enter the credit card area you will notice a "Padlock" symbol in your browser ensuring you of the highest security.
Continue
Categories COINS & COIN TRICKSMAGIC CAVERN PRODUCTSSPECIAL PRODUCTSFeatured ProductsBook a Magician in bolton
Skill Level Please Select1: Self Working2: Novice3: Practice Req..4: Magicians On..5: Expert
Quick Find
Use keywords to find the product you are looking for.Advanced Search
Information
Shipping & Returns Privacy Notice Conditions of Use Contact Us
We Accept
Shopping Cart 0 items
Bestsellers Copper Silver
2p / 10pCoin Extraction 2p--10pDouble sided coin.Sharpie Thru AnythingEnglish Hopping Halves (Returning Coins)POUND PRESSCoin in Bottle 10p - Hand MadeCoin in Bottle 50p - Hand Made
(Single fold)Musketeer Coin - UK 50p versionMagnetic 10p
Specials Coin in Bottle 10p - Hand Made£11.73£7.99
Reviews Ths is an excellent little trick, I originally bought the £2 ..
Home
New Products
Specials
Reviews
Conditions of use
Shipping and returns
Privacy information
Create account
Login
Order history
Product notifications
Contact us
Manchester MagicianChris Stickland
Ny-Cea
Grimeford Lane
Anderton
Chorley
PR69HL
Copyright © 2020 Emagictricks
Powered by osCommerce | Designed on Mini Template System