http://www.cordlessworkz.com/termsofuse.aspx
Select a Manufacturer
Ameriphone
AT&T
Audex
Battery
Bluespan
Clarity
Cobra
General Electric
Hitec
Motorola
Novelty
Olympia
On-Hold Plus
Oregon Scientific
Panasonic
Plantronics
Polycom
Siemens
Uniden
Vialta
VTech
Walker
Smart Bargains
DECT 6.0 Phones
5.8 GHz Phones
2.4 GHz Phones
Multi-Line Phones
Amplified Telephones
Assistive Devices
Internet Phones
Extra Handsets
Conference Phones
Language Translators
Headsets
Corded Phones
Novelty Phones
Audio
Wireless Weather
Cordless Phone Batteries
Accessories
Cell Phones and Plans
Under $75
$76 - $120
$121 - $150
Over $150
Home > Terms of Use
Terms of Use
This Web site is operated by Cordless Workz, a
NETSTAKE LLC subsidiary
.All inquiries may be directed to:NETSTAKE LLC / Cordless Workz201 Walnut St.Cary, NC 27511Phone: 919.342.5055Your use of this Web site is governed by these terms and conditions. Please take
a few minutes to review these terms and conditions. Your use of thecordlessworkz.comWeb site constitutes your agreement to follow these rules and
to be bound by them. If you do not agree with any of these terms and conditions,
do not use thecordlessworkz.comWeb site.PrivacyPlease review ourPrivacy and Security Statement, which also governs your visit
to the Cordless Workz Web site, to understand our practices.Order Related PoliciesReturn and Exchange, Shipping, Pricing and other policies related to your order
are found under HELP.These Terms and Conditions May ChangeCordless Workz reserves the right to update or modify these terms and conditions
at any time without prior notice. Your use of the cordlessworkz.com Web site
following any such change constitutes your agreement to follow and be bound by
the terms and conditions as changed. For this reason, we encourage you to review
these terms and conditions whenever you use this Web site.Copyright NoticeAll of the Content you see on this Web site, including, but not limited to, all of the
page headers, images, illustrations, graphics, audio clips, video clips, and
text, are subject to trademark, service mark, trade dress, copyright and/or
other intellectual property rights or licenses held by Cordless Workz and/or their respective owners, one of
its affiliates or by third parties who have licensed their materials to Cordless
Workz. The entire Content of the cordlessworkz.com Web site is copyrighted as a
collective work under U.S. copyright laws, and Cordless Workz owns a copyright
in the selection, coordination, arrangement and enhancement of the Content. The
Content of the cordlessworkz.com Web site are intended
solely for personal, noncommercial use by the users of our site. You may
download, print and store selected portions of the Content, provided you (1)
only use these copies of the Content for your own personal, non-commercial use,
(2) do not copy or post the Content on any network computer or broadcast the
Content in any media, and (3) do not modify or alter the Content in any way, or
delete or change any copyright or trademark notice. No right, title or interest
in any downloaded materials is transferred to you as a result of any such
downloading. Cordless Workz reserves complete title and full intellectual
property rights in any Content you download from this Web site. Except as noted
above, you may not copy, download, reproduce, modify, publish, distribute,
transmit, transfer or create derivative works from the Content without first
obtaining written permission from Cordless Workz.Your accountIf you use the Site, you are responsible for maintaining the confidentiality of
your account login and password and for restricting access to your computer, and
you agree to accept responsibility for all activities that occur under your
account login or password. We reserve the right to refuse service, terminate
accounts, remove or edit content, or cancel orders at our sole discretion.Risk of lossAll items purchased from us are made pursuant to a shipment contract with a
common carrier. This means that the risk of loss and title for such items pass
to you upon our delivery to the carrier. Please see our HELP section for more
information on shipping and delivery policies.SubmissionsWe welcome your comments regarding thecordlessworkz.comWeb site. However, any
comments, feedback, notes, messages, ideas, suggestions or other communications
(collectively, &quoteComments&quote) sent tocordlessworkz.comshall be and remain the
exclusive property of Cordless Workz. Your submission of any such Comments shall
constitute an assignment to Cordless Workz of all worldwide rights, titles and
interests in all rights, including copyrights and other intellectual property rights in the
Comments. Cordless Workz will be entitled to use, reproduce, disclose, publish
and distribute any material you submit for any purpose whatsoever, without
restriction and without compensating you in any way. For this reason, we ask
that you not send us any Comments that you do not wish to assign to us,
including any confidential information or any original creative materials such
as stories, product ideas, computer code or original artwork.Typographical ErrorsIn the event a product is listed at an incorrect price or with incorrect
information due to typographical error or error in pricing or product
information received from our suppliers, Cordless Workz shall have the right to
refuse or cancel any orders placed for product listed at the incorrect price.
Cordless Workz shall have the right to refuse or cancel any such orders whether
or not the order has been confirmed and your credit card charged. If your credit
card has already been charged for the purchase and your order is canceled,
Cordless Workz shall immediately issue a credit to your credit card account in
the amount of the charge.Product InformationMost products displayed on this site are available at Cordless Workz. In some
cases, merchandise displayed for sale on this site may not be available at
Cordless Workz due to last minute inventory changes. The prices displayed on
this site are quoted in U.S. Dollars and are valid and effective only in the
United States.DisclaimerThis site and all contents of this site are provided on an &quoteas is&quote basis without
warranties of any kind, either express or implied, including without limitation
warranties of title or implied warranties of merchantability or fitness for a
particular purpose. You acknowledge, by your use of this site, that your use of
this site is at your sole risk, that you assume full responsibility for all
costs associated with all necessary servicing or repairs of any equipment you
use in connection with your use of our site, and that Cordless Workz shall not
be liable for any damages of any kind related to your use of this site.LinksCordless Workz is not responsible for the content of any sites that may be linked to or
fromwww.cordlessworkz.com.  Links are provided for
your convenience only and you access them at your own risk. Any other web site
accessed fromwww.cordlessworkz.comis independent from
Cordless Workz and NETSTAKE LLC, and Cordless Workz and NETSTATKE LLC have no
control over the content of any such other websites.  In addition, a link to any other web site does not imply that Cordless
Workz endorses or accepts any responsibility for the content or use of such
other website. In no event shall any reference to any third party or third party
product or service be construed as an approval or endorsement by Cordless Workz
of that third party or of any product or service provided by a third party.IndemnificationYou agree to defend, indemnify and hold Cordless Workz and NETSTAKE LLC harmless
from and against any and all claims, damages, costs and expenses, including
attorneys' fees, arising from or related to your use of the site.INTERNATIONAL ACCESSThis Web site may be accessed from countries other than the United States and
may contain products or references to products that are not available outside of
the United States. Any such references do not imply that such products will be
made available outside the United States. If you access and use this Web site
outside the United States you are responsible for complying with your local laws
and regulations.Applicable lawBy visiting the Site, you agree that the laws of the State of Texas, without
regard to principles of conflict of laws, will govern these Terms and Conditions
and any dispute of any sort that might arise between you and Cordless Workz or
NETSTAKE LLC or its subsidiaries.
Why Buy fromCordless Workz?
1. Low Prices.
2. FREE Shipping.
3. Easy Returns.
Your cart is empty.
Email Address:
NewsletterJohn
Free Shipping/Order Processing |
Buyer's Guide |
Help |
Contact
|
Returns Policy |
About Us
Ph: 800.516.4279
Terms of Use |
Privacy
Policy |
Customer Testimonials
Copyright © 2004-2020 Cordless
Workz, a NETSTAKE LLC company. All rights reserved.