https://www.dixie-metal-detectors.com/dmd-cart/index.php?main_page=privacy
Home
Log In/Register
Contact Us
My Account
View Cart
Friday 11 December, 2020
Categories
Detectors->Headphones->Pinpointers-Probes->Search Coils->Digging Tools->Accessories->Books/CD-ROMsUsed Equipment->The Relics StoreSpecials ...Featured Products ...All Products ...
Manufacturers
Please Select
Accessories
Detech
DetectorPro
Fisher Labs
Garrett
Lesche
Makro
media
Minelab
Nokta
RNB
Rechargeab..
RTG
Sun Ray
Teknetics
Tesoro
tools
Treasure Produc..
XP MetalDetecto..
Featured  [more]
Garrett AT Pro Metal Detector with bonus pack!$699.95  $594.95XP Deus with WS4 Backphone Wireless Headphones$1,825.00  $1,279.00
Privacy Notice
Customer Information    We will not rent, sale, or provide information collected from you
for the purposes of processing sales inquiries, purchases,
or product(s) support requests to third-parties with the following exceptions:
Whereby the information is required to complete the purchase
process via credit card, wire transfer, electronic check debit card,
electronic check, or money order.
In the event of fraudulent purchase(s) the information will be used
in the legal recovery process of the merchandise purchased and
prosecution of the individual(s).
Where manufacturer(s) require the submission of purchase order
information for validation the product(s) warranty period.To government agencies, where required by local, state, or federal laws.Cookies    Cookies are small files stored on a computer’s hard-disk drive to
simplify and improve the Internet Web experience.  A cookie may store information about your computer configuration for use during future visits to the website.  Web browsers may save your user id and/or password in cookies so that the website server will automatically recognize your computer on future visits to the website. Dixie Metal Detectors make use of cookies on this website for presenting product information, navigation of web pages, processing of orders, and other general functionality.  Most web browsers will allow you to set preferences to clear cookies and other stored information when you exit from the browser application.  Please refer to your web browser documentation for more information on cookies and how they are used and stored on your computer.Server Log Files    This website hosting server, like many other website servers, use log files.  The log files record aggregate (non-personally identifiable)
information about site usage.Links To Other Websites This website contains links to other websites that are not managed or controlled by Dixie Metal Detectors.  We encourage you to be aware of leaving our website when you use these links and to read the privacy notice of all websites that you visit prior to using services that they may offer.  Dixie Metal Detectors is not responsible for these other websites content, services, and privacy policies.Security    In no case will Dixie Metal Detectors
ask you for your password in an e-mail or over the telephone. Do not
give your password to anyone in an e-mail or over the telephone.Changes to Privacy NoticeDixie Metal Detectors, at its discretion, may from time to time change the content of this privacy notice.  You are advised to review the content of this notice and all other policies whenever you visit our website.  Dixie Metal Detectors will not be responsible for posting any notice of change to this or any other policies.Revision and Effective Date 2009.02.02
Important Links
Advanced Search
Photo Gallery
Gray Ghost Safaris
Google's Language Translator
Gift Certificates
Information
About Us
Shipping & Returns
Privacy Notice
Conditions of Sales
Contact Us
Site Map
Gift Certificate FAQ
Bestsellers
Sun Ray E-Trac Rain Jacket (Cover)
Finding Civil War Campsites in...
Lightweight Aluminum armrest cuff
Poche: Finding Civil War Campsites...
Garrett Pro-Pointer II (Stand...
Garrett AT Pro Metal Detector with...
LEJERMON Harness Model S - Round...
Poche: Interpreting History From...
Garrett AT Max Diggers Special
Minelab Explorer/Quattro plastic...
Home
Dixie Metal Detectors
1120 Berwick Trail
Madison, TN 37115
(615) 860-4333
Copyright © 2020Dixie Metal Detectors