https://www.rugdoctor.com/terms-of-service/
×
FOLLOW US @
Sign up to get special offers, coupons, tips & more.
Skip to content
RENT
FIND A LOCATION
CARPET & INDOOR MACHINES
OUTDOOR MACHINES
FORMULAS
BUY
SHOP
MACHINES
SOLUTIONS
PARTS & ACCESSORIES
SUPPORT
OFFERS
BLOG
Find A Rental Location:
RENT
BUY
SUPPORT
OFFERS
BLOG
Find A Rental Location:
close
No products in the cart.
home / Terms of Service
Terms of Service
View Terms of Service in Spanish
WELCOME TO RUG DOCTOR
We’re glad you’re visiting our website (www.rugdoctor.com and/or www.rugdoctordelivery.com) (individually or collectively, the “Site”). By visiting the Site, any of Rug Doctor’s mobile applications, and the related services including reservation, deliver, and sale services (collectively, the “Services”), you signify your assent to both these Website Terms and Conditions and Rug Doctor’s Privacy Notice, which can be found at www.rugdoctor.com/privacy-policy and is incorporated herein by reference.
USING OUR SERVICES
You must follow any policies made available to you within the Services. Don’t misuse our Services. For example, don’t interfere with our Services or try to access them using a method other than the interface and the instructions that we provide. You may use our Services only as permitted by law, including applicable export and re-export control laws and regulations. We may suspend or stop providing our Services to you if you do not comply with our terms or policies or if we are investigating suspected misconduct. Using our Services does not give you ownership of any intellectual property rights in our Services or the content you access. You may not use content from our Services unless you obtain permission from its owner or are otherwise permitted by law. These terms do not grant you the right to use any branding or logos used in our Services. Don’t remove, obscure, or alter any legal notices displayed in or along with our Services. Our Services display some content that is not Rug Doctor’s. This content is the sole responsibility of the entity that makes it available. We may review content to determine whether it is illegal or violates our policies, and we may remove or refuse to display content that we reasonably believe violates our policies or the law. But that does not necessarily mean that we review content, so please don’t assume that we do.
MODIFICATION OF THE SERVICES OR THE TERMS OF USE
Rug Doctor may modify these terms or limit, cancel, prohibit rentals, suspend, or discontinue the Services at any time for any reason. However, Rug Doctor will use commercially reasonable efforts to notify you of material changes to these terms by posting a notice on the site or sending an email to the email address you provided to Rug Doctor upon registration.
TEXT MESSAGES, MOBILE APPLICATION PUSH AND EMAIL NOTIFICATIONS
As part of the services, Rug Doctor may send reminders, alerts (“Notifications”), or critical service-related Notifications via SMS Text Message (“Text Message” or “Text”) push or email to its users, and you acknowledge and consent to the receipt of such messages. Rug Doctor may use one or more of the following carriers for Text Message delivery: Cellular One Dobson, Centennial Cellular Corp, Sprint, Verizon Wireless, RCC – Unicel, Virgin Mobile USA, Boost, T-Mobile, Cincinnati Bell, AT&T, Alltel, and U.S. Cellular. By agreeing to these terms, you certify that you are the account holder of the mobile phone number provided to Rug Doctor or that you have the account holder’s express permission to use the specified phone to receive Text Messages about your account from Rug Doctor. If you agree to receive tracking updates through Rug Doctor delivery updates via Text, you will receive Text Messages when your machine is out for delivery, delivered, or encounters an exception or delay. You understand and agree that Text Messages sent to your mobile phone/device may be generated using automated technology. Your consent to receive Text Messages is not required to make a purchase. Message and data rates may apply. Message frequency based on account orders. A Text Message will be sent to confirm your participation. You must reply yes to confirm your subscription to complete the sign-up process. You acknowledge and agree that the reception of Text Messages, push and emails is not 100% guaranteed. You further acknowledge and agree that the reception of Text Messages, push and emails are dependent on the operation of your mobile phone provider and Internet service provider and the service of the mobile phone company and internet service provider with which you have an account or prepaid card. Rug Doctor shall have no responsibility or liability for the damages and costs incurred by you not receiving a Text Message, push or email on time or by the insufficient operation of your mobile network, mobile phone company and internet service provider. You may opt out of receiving Text Messages, push or email Notifications at any time. Opting out of Text, email or push Notifications can be completed on the site. (In the case of push Notifications the user must choose to stop receiving within their mobile phone). To stop the messages from coming to your phone, you may opt out of receiving Text by Texting the word “stop” to (888)-444-1601. You will then receive a one-time opt-out confirmation Text Message, and after that, you will receive no future Text Messages. Alternatively, you may also visit https://www.rdrent.com/RugDoctorAdmin/OptOutemail.aspx/or contact us at 1-800-784-3628 for questions or assistance in receiving or opting out of receiving Text Messages or email Notifications. Some of our Services are available on mobile devices. Do not use such Services in a way that distracts you and prevents you from obeying traffic or safety laws.
RUG DOCTOR CONTENT
Content provided “as is.” All content and information available through the services, including but not limited to product descriptions and specifications, product photos, advice from Rug Doctor and photos and comments from other users (“Rug Doctor Content”) is available to you on an “as is” basis and is to be used for general information purposes only. Such information is provided on a blind-basis, without any knowledge as to your identity or specific circumstances. The Rug Doctor Content is provided with the understanding that such information does not constitute professional advice or services. As such, you agree not to rely upon or use any Rug Doctor Content as a substitute for consultation with professional advisors. As used in these terms, the services include the Rug Doctor Content. We may update the Rug Doctor Content, including product descriptions and specifications, as we deem appropriate and without notice to you. If you have any questions about the existence of more current information, please send your questions to legal.department@rugdoctor.com. We take your questions and requests for information seriously, and we will use reasonable efforts to respond promptly. But, we cannot guarantee a prompt response in all cases.
LINKS TO THIRD-PARTY WEBSITES
The Services may contain links or references to non-Rug Doctor websites, products, services or other materials or content (“Third Party Content”). This Third Party Content is provided to you as a convenience, and Rug Doctor is not responsible for any Third Party Content or the actions of those that provide or use such Third Party Content. Any Third Party Content is independent from Rug Doctor, and Rug Doctor has no control over the Third Party Content. also, a link to any Third Party Content does not imply that Rug Doctor endorses, approves of or accepts any responsibility for the Third Party Content or its provider, or vice versa.
YOUR CONTENT
If you post, upload or make available to Rug Doctor or the services, or otherwise submit to or through Rug Doctor as part of your use of the services, including the site or app, any information, data, Text, images, files, links, software, chat, communication or other materials, including but not limited to photos and reviews relating to your use of the products (“Your Content”), you grant to Rug Doctor a perpetual, non-exclusive, irrevocable, fully-paid, royalty-free, sub-licensable and transferable (in whole or part) worldwide license to use, reproduce, transmit, display, exhibit, distribute, index, comment on, modify, create derivative works based upon, perform and otherwise exploit Your Content and your name, image, voice, likeness and/or other biographical information or material in connection with Your Content, in whole or in part, in all media formats and distribution methods now known or hereafter devised (including on the site and app, in email and other promotional campaigns and on third party sites promoting the services) in connection with the services, including but not limited to advertising, promoting, and marketing the services, all without further notice to you, with or without attribution, without limitation as to frequency, and without the requirement of any permission from or payment to you or to any other person or entity. You waive any right to inspect or approve any of Your Content or any use of Your Content. by submitting Your Content, you represent and warrant that Your Content and your communication thereof conform to these terms, including section 4(c), and that you own or have the necessary rights, licenses, consents and permissions, without the need for any permission from or payment to any other person or entity, to exploit, and to authorize Rug Doctor to exploit, Your Content in all manners contemplated by these terms. You waive all moral rights in Your Content, which may be available to you in any part of the world. None of Your Content will be subject to any obligation, whether of confidentiality, attribution or otherwise, on our part and we will not be liable for any use or disclosure of any Your Content.
JOB POSTINGS
Rug Doctor may list open employment positions on or through the services. These postings are for informational purposes only and are subject to change without notice. You should not construe any information on or made available through the services as an offer for employment or promotion or solicitation for employment not authorized by the laws and regulations of your locale.
Sign up to get special offers, coupons, tips & more.
follow us @
Support
Contact
Careers
Our Story
Newsroom
SDS & Ingredients
Return Policy
Privacy Policy
California Privacy Policy
Terms of Service
Incident Report
Find a Repair Location
© 2019 Rug Doctor, LLC. All Rights Reserved.