https://www.mospensstudio.com/privacy-policy/
WEDDING
Save The Date Cards
Wedding Invitations
Custom Illustrated Crest
Sample Our Quality
Bridesmaid Cards
How It Works
Lined Inner Envelopes
Thank You Cards
Wedding Menus
Ceremony Programs
Seating Chart
Place Cards
Table Number Cards
Custom Signature Drinks
Custom Design
Client Custom Listings
CANDLES
WALL ART
GREETING CARDS
STATIONERY
Personalized Note Cards
SALE
BLOG
CART
LOG IN
You are here: Home / PRIVACY POLICYOur Commitment To Privacy
Your privacy is important to us. To better protect your privacy we provide this notice explaining our online information practices and the choices you can make about the way your information is collected and used. To make this notice easy to find, we make it available on our homepage and at every point where personally identifiable information may be requested.
Who we are
Our website address is: https://www.mospensstudio.com.
What personal data we collect and why we collect it
This notice applies to all information collected or submitted on the Mospens Studio website. On some pages, you can order products, make requests, and register to receive materials. The types of personal information collected at these pages are:
Name
Address
Email address
Phone number
Credit/Debit Card Information (we do not see your credit data, only Stripe and Paypal process these details for us)
(etc.)
On some pages, you can submit information about other people. For example, if you order guest address printing, you will need to submit the recipient’s address. In this circumstance, the types of personal information collected are:
Name
Address
(etc.)
The Way We Use Your Information:
Your privacy is important to Mospens Studio. Mospens Studio does not sell or license personal and identifiable information concerning its website visitors to third parties.
We use the information you provide about yourself when placing an order only to complete that order. We do not share this information with outside parties except to the extent necessary to complete that order.
We may collect non-personally identifiable information to improve the design and content of our site, to enable us to personalize your Internet experience, or to analyze site usage. Mospens Studio may offer surveys, promotions, or contests. Participation in these surveys or promotions is completely voluntary and the user therefore has a choice whether or not to disclose this information. Mospens Studio reserves the right to use or disclose any information as needed to satisfy any law, regulation or legal request, to protect the integrity of the site, to cooperate in any law enforcement investigation, or in connection with an investigation of fraud, intellectual property infringements, or other activity that is illegal or may expose us to legal liability.
We use return email addresses to answer the email we receive. If you buy samples, we will contact you to assist you with your next order. Such addresses are not used for any other purpose and are not shared with outside parties.
After we create your design, we may share the design/art/stationery on our website. Private details on your event invitation are kept private and we may blur or change the wording for showcase purposes.
Comments
When visitors leave comments on the site we collect the data shown in the comments form, and also the visitor’s IP address and browser user agent string to help spam detection.
An anonymized string created from your email address (also called a hash) may be provided to the Gravatar service to see if you are using it. The Gravatar service privacy policy is available here: https://automattic.com/privacy/. After approval of your comment, your profile picture is visible to the public in the context of your comment.
Media
If you upload images to the website, you should avoid uploading images with embedded location data (EXIF GPS) included. Visitors to the website can download and extract any location data from images on the website.
Contact forms
When you contact Mospens Studio you are submitting your information via a secure form. The form is retrieved via Google Mail. We save the correspondence so we can contact you when you contact us. And allows us to respond to future correspondence to better assist you. Visitor contact form messages may be checked through an automated spam detection service.
Cookies
Like other websites you visit, Mospens Studio uses “cookies.” A “cookie” is a data a website transfers to your computers hard drive or memory for record keeping purposes. We use cookies for a number of purposes. For example, a cookie may be stored on your computer for advertising purposes. When you visit another website and you have already visited Mospens Studio, you may see our ad on another website you visit. For the most part, browsers accept cookies automatically. We also use cookies to tailor our website to your needs, create new product offerings, and more. As a user, you can op-out and easily reset your browser to refuse all cookies or to notify you when a cookie is being sent. If you disable cookies, you may not be able to use certain features of Mospens Studio website. You can opt out of seeing our ads on other websites by visiting Facebook and Google.
To refuse all cookies you can reset your web browser or set to indicate when a cookie is sent. Need more information about cookies? Visit http://www.allaboutcookies.org.
Opt-out/Opt-in
Mospens Studio allows users to opt out of receiving e-mail from us. To opt out of our mailing list you can send e-mail to a remove mailing list. If for some reason due to legal matters, we may still have to share your information. Also see the section, “Use of Cookies” above for details on opting out of seeing our ads on other websites. Questions? Contact us today via email hello@mospensstudio.com.
If you leave a comment on our site you may opt-in to saving your name, email address and website in cookies. These are for your convenience so that you do not have to fill in your details again when you leave another comment. These cookies will last for one year.
If you have an account and you log in to this site, we will set a temporary cookie to determine if your browser accepts cookies. This cookie contains no personal data and is discarded when you close your browser.
When you log in, we will also set up several cookies to save your login information and your screen display choices. Login cookies last for two days, and screen options cookies last for a year. If you select “Remember Me”, your login will persist for two weeks. If you log out of your account, the login cookies will be removed.
If you edit or publish an article, an additional cookie will be saved in your browser. This cookie includes no personal data and simply indicates the post ID of the article you just edited. It expires after 1 day.
Submissions
Mospens Studio does not accept submissions and does not want to receive creative proposals, or confidential, proprietary, or trade secret information through this site. Any information sent to Mospens Studio will be deemed non-confidential.
Links to Third Party Sites
Our site may contain links to other sites which are not maintained by Mospens Studio. The inclusion of any link to other sites does not imply endorsement by Mospens Studio of such sites. Linking to any other sites is at your own risk and Mospens Studio is not responsible for the privacy practices or content of such sites.
Our Commitment To Data Security
To prevent unauthorized access, maintain data accuracy, and ensure the correct use of information, we have put in place appropriate physical, electronic, and managerial procedures to safeguard and secure the information we collect online.
Our Commitment To Children’s Privacy
Protecting the privacy of the very young is especially important. For that reason, we never collect or maintain information at our website from those we actually know are under 13, and no part of our website is structured to attract anyone under 13.
How You Can Access Or Correct Your Information
You can access all your personally identifiable information that we collect online and maintain by signing into your account via our shopping cart system located on this page: https://www.mospensstudio.com/my-account/ . We use this procedure to better safeguard your information. You can correct factual errors in your personally identifiable information by sending us a request that credibly shows error. To protect your privacy and security, we will also take reasonable steps to verify your identity before granting access or making corrections.
Embedded content from other websites
Articles on this site may include embedded content (e.g. videos, images, articles, etc.). Embedded content from other websites behaves in the exact same way as if the visitor has visited the other website.
These websites may collect data about you, use cookies, embed additional third-party tracking, and monitor your interaction with that embedded content, including tracing your interaction with the embedded content if you have an account and are logged in to that website.
Analytics
Who we share your data with
Google Analytics
We use “Google Analytics” a tool to collect information about how users use this site. Google Analytics collects details on when users visit the site, the pages users visit, and the site they used to find out site. We use Google Analytics to grow and help our small business. Google analytics collects your IP address when you visit our site Mospens Studio, not your name. Google Analytics puts a permanent cookie on your web browser to identify you as the user the next time you visit our site, know that the cookie can only be used by Google not anyone else.
How to opt out of Google Cookies: https://tools.google.com/dlpage/gaoptout/
Google Analytics terms: https://www.google.com/analytics/terms/us.html
We also use Statcounter a tool to also learn about our users who visit our site. Statcounter collects your IP address when you visit our site Mospens Studio, not your name. Statcounter puts a permanent cookie on your web browser to identify you as the user the next time you visit our site, know that the cookie can only be used by Statcounter not anyone else.
How long we retain your data
If you leave a comment, the comment and its metadata are retained indefinitely. This is so we can recognize and approve any follow-up comments automatically instead of holding them in a moderation queue.
For users that register on our website (if any), we also store the personal information they provide in their user profile. All users can see, edit, or delete their personal information at any time (except they cannot change their username). Website administrators can also see and edit that information.
What rights you have over your data
If you have an account on this site, or have left comments, you can request to receive an exported file of the personal data we hold about you, including any data you have provided to us. You can also request that we erase any personal data we hold about you. This does not include any data we are obliged to keep for administrative, legal, or security purposes.
Where we send your data
Visitor comments may be checked through an automated spam detection service.
How we protect your data
What data breach procedures we have in place
What third parties we receive data from
Google
Facebook / Instagram
Statcounter
Bing
Search Engines
Woocommerce
Paypal
Etsy
Mailchimp
How To Contact Us
Should you have other questions or concerns about these privacy policies, please send us an email at hello@mospensstudio.com.
How Policy Changes Will Be Communicated
Changes in our terms will be updated and posted on this page.
Terms and conditions
Anyone submitting fraudulent information will be prosecuted and charge will be filled.
Updated 9-24-20
Welcome!
Mospens Studio is a husband-and-wife owned and operated design studio creating custom wedding invitations and stationery. Each creative invitation and paper good design first begins with Michelle Mospens 100% original hand-painted watercolor artwork. Thank you for shopping small!
Learn more
FacebookInstagramPinterestTwitter
THE SHOP
Save The Dates
Wedding Invitations
Order Samples
The Wedding Shop
Today’s Special
My Account
Cart
PORTFOLIO
2020 Portfolio
Letterpress
Watercolor Crests
Hand-painted Venues
Landscape Scenes
Wedding Maps
Custom Invitation Design
DESIGN ELEMENTS
Fonts
Ink Colors
Motifs
Cover Stock Colors
Envelope Colors
Wording Ideas
Printing Options
Ribbon Colors
Pocket Folder Colors
CLIENT CARE
Contact Us
About
Eco-Friendly
FAQ
Love Letters
Privacy Policy
Terms & Conditions
Copyright © 2020 Michelle Mospens · Custom Wedding Stationery Mospens StudioWe have placed cookies on your computer to help make this website better. Find Out More OKAY Privacy & Cookies Policy
Close
Privacy Overview
This website uses cookies to improve your experience while you navigate through the website. Out of these cookies, the cookies that are categorized as necessary are stored on your browser as they are essential for the working of basic functionalities of the website. We also use third-party cookies that help us analyze and understand how you use this website. These cookies will be stored in your browser only with your consent. You also have the option to opt-out of these cookies. But opting out of some of these cookies may have an effect on your browsing experience.
Necessary
Always Enabled
Necessary cookies are absolutely essential for the website to function properly. This category only includes cookies that ensures basic functionalities and security features of the website. These cookies do not store any personal information.
Non-necessary
Any cookies that may not be particularly necessary for the website to function and is used specifically to collect user personal data via analytics, ads, other embedded contents are termed as non-necessary cookies. It is mandatory to procure user consent prior to running these cookies on your website.