http://www.amazondiscovery.com/privacy/
NutritionalFood Products
Home
Products
Guarantee
Order Status
FAQ
Contact
Amazon Discovery Privacy Statement
Information Collection and Use
Amazon Discovery is the sole owner of the information collected on this site. We will not sell, share, or rent this information to others in ways different from what is disclosed
in this statement. Amazon Discovery collects information from our users at three different points on our website and is used in contact with individuals in acquiring information
that pretains to Amazon Discovery company and or its products.
Product Order
We request information from the user on our order form. Here a user must provide contact information (like name and shipping address) and financial information
(like credit card number, expiration date). This information is used for billing purposes and to fulfill customer’s orders. If we have trouble processing an order, this contact
information is used to get in touch with the customer for the purpose stated above. All customers billing information such as credit card numbers and expiration dates along with
billing addresses is purged from our system in 30 days time. Any paper documentation that contains billing information such as credit card numbers and expiration dates with billing
addresses are shredded in 30 days. Shipping and contact information is kept on file for future reference to customers.
Cookies
A cookie is a piece of data stored on the user’s hard drive containing information about the user. Usage of a cookie is in no way linked to any personally identifiable information
while on our site. Once the user closes their browser, the cookie simply terminates. For instance, by setting a cookie on our site, the user would not have to log in a password more
than once, thereby saving time while on our site. If a user rejects the cookie, they may still use our site. A cookie is only used in the ordering process if for some reason you decide
not to place an order and should return to our website. Our shopping cart will remember what products you placed from the last time you visited. By accepting a cookie it allows us to
track a user on our website as to what pages are being viewed enter points and exit points just to name a few. By accepting a cookie, you allow us to determine our advertising
efforts along with the building of better information and products on our website making our surfing and shopping experience more rewarding.
Questions and Comments
We request information from users for general information, comments and or suggestions. The user is only required to give use a valid name, address, and email address along with
specified details or request for the sole purpose of a response to the request. All other information fields are optional and helpful if inquiring on Amazon Discovery products or
distribution. Information such as name, state and request question response and answer may appear on the Amazon Discovery website
Log Files
We use IP addresses to analyze trends, administer the site, track user’s movement, and gather broad demographic information for aggregate use. IP addresses are not linked to
personally identifiable information.
Sharing Information
We use outside shipping companies to ship orders, and a credit card processing company to bill users for goods or services. These companies do not retain, share, store or use
personally identifiable information for any secondary purposes. These parties are not allowed to use personally identifiable information except for the purpose of providing these
services.
Links
This web site contains links to other sites. Please be aware that we Amazon Discovery are not responsible for the privacy practices of such other sites. We encourage our users to
be aware when they leave our site and to read the privacy statements of each and every web site that collects personally identifiable information. This privacy statement applies solely
to information collected by Amazon Discovery Website.
Surveys
From time-to-time our site uses information from users via surveys. Participation in these surveys is completely voluntary and the user therefore has a choice whether or not to
disclose his or her personal information. Information requested may include contact information (such as name and shipping address), and demographic information (such as zip code,
age level). Survey information will be used for purposes of monitoring or improving the use and satisfaction of this site along with any questions and answers posted.
Security
This website takes every precaution to protect our user’s information. When users submit sensitive information via the website, your information is protected both online and off-line.
When our registration/order form asks users to enter sensitive information (such as credit card number and/or account number), that information is encrypted and is protected with the
best encryption software in the industry - SSL. While on a secure page, such as our order form, the lock icon on the bottom of Web browsers such as Netscape Navigator and Microsoft
Internet Explorer becomes locked, as opposed to un-locked, or open, when you are just ‘surfing’. To learn more about SSL, follow this link:
http://www.intellipay.com/Docs/LinkSmart.htm#aboutsec
While we use SSL encryption to protect sensitive information online, we also do everything in our power to protect user-information off-line. All of our user's information, not just
the sensitive information mentioned above, is restricted in our offices. Only employees who need the information to perform a specific job (for example, our billing clerk or a
customer service representative) are granted access to personally identifiable information. Our employees must use password-protected screen-savers when they leave their desk. When
they return, they must re-enter their password to re-gain access to your information. Furthermore, ALL employees are kept up-to-date on our security and privacy practices. Every
quarter, as well as any time new policies are added, our employees are notified and/or reminded about the importance we place on privacy, and what they can do to ensure our
customer’s information is protected. Finally, the servers that we store personally identifiable information on are kept in a secure environment, behind a locked cage.
Notification of Changes
If we decide to change our privacy policy, we will post those changes here on our Policy Page so our users are always aware of what information we collect, how we use it, and under
what circumstances, if any, we disclose it. If at any point we decide to use personally, identifiable information in a manner different from that stated at the time it was collected,
we would notify users by way of an email. Users will have a choice as to whether or not we use their information in this different manner. We will use information in accordance with
the privacy policy under which the information was collected. If you are someone that visits our website often then please check back to this page for all updated information on our
privacy policy.
WARNING:
These statements have not been evaluated by the Food and Drug Administration. These products are not intended to diagnose, treat, cure or prevent any disease.
Tweets by @HerbsWholesale
Ordering toll free number
855-766-1772
Merchant Services
Copyright statement
Privacy statement
Bookmark This Page