https://www.svtea.com/privacy.asp
FREE SHIPPING ON ORDERS OVER $50*
Click here for updated Hours & Shipping Info
Shopping Cart (0)
Register or Login
TEA
Black Tea
Green Tea
White Tea
Oolong Tea
Flavored Tea
National Park Teas
Dessert Teas
Holiday Teas
Literary (Author) Teas
Herbal "Tea" (Rooibos, Lemon Myrtle ..
Organic Teas
Decaffeinated Teas
Aromatic & Blended Teas
Earl Grey Tea Blends
Jasmine & Floral Teas
Iced Teas
Flowering Teas
Teabags
Teabricks
Yoga Teas
TEAWARE
Tea Mugs
Books & Cards
Tea Storage
Tea Cozies
Teapots & Teasets
Teaware for Cat Lovers
Tea Spoons
Tea Filters, Infusers, Strainers
Teabag & Teaspoon Holders
Tabletop Accessories
Promotional Items
COFFEE
Regular Coffee
Decaffeinated Coffee
Flavored Coffee
Decaf Flavored Coffee
Coffee Products
FOOD
Cake & Scone Mixes
Cookies
Chocolate & Candy
Creams & Curds
Honey & Syrup
Marmalades, Preserves, Jams and more
Sugar
Condiments & Sauces
Oils & Vinegars
GIFTS
FEATURED ITEMS
FEATURED PRODUCTS
SALES & SPECIALS
NEW PRODUCTS
OUR STORY
About Us
Retail Store
Privacy Policy Statement
This is the web site of Simpson and Vail, Inc.
Our postal address is
3 Quarry Rd. - PO Box 765
Brookfield, CT 06804
We can be reached via e-mail at info@svtea.com or you can reach us by telephone at 800-282-8327 (203-775-0240)
For each visitor to our Web page, our Web server automatically recognizes the consumer's domain name and e-mail address (where possible).
We collect the domain name and e-mail address (where possible) of visitors to our Web page, aggregate information on what pages consumers access or visit, user-specific information on what pages consumers access or visit, name and address, telephone number, payment information (e.g., credit card number and billing address).
The information we collect is disclosed when legally required to do so, at the request of governmental authorities conducting an investigation, to verify or enforce compliance with the policies governing our Website and applicable laws or to protect against misuse or unauthorized use of our Website.
With respect to cookies: We use cookies to store visitors preferences, record session information, such as items that consumers add to their shopping cart, record user-specific information on what pages users access or visit, record past activity at a site in order to provide better service when visitors return to our site .
If you do not want to receive e-mail from us in the future, please let us know by sending us an e-mail at the above address or calling us at the above telephone number.
If you supply us with your postal address on-line you may receive periodic mailings from us with information on new products and services or upcoming events. If you do not wish to receive such mailings, please let us know by calling us at the number provided above or e-mailing us at the above address.
Upon request we provide site visitors with access to unique identifier information (e.g., customer number or password) that we maintain about them, transaction information (e.g., dates on which customers made purchases, amounts and types of purchases) that we maintain about them, contact information (e.g., name, address, phone number) that we maintain about them .
Consumers can access this information by e-mailing us at the above address or writing to us at the above address.  Consumers can have this information corrected by sending us an e-mail at the above address or calling us at the above telephone number.
With respect to security: When we transfer and receive certain types of sensitive information such as financial information, we redirect visitors to a secure server that has an SSL certificate using at least 128-bit encryption. We have appropriate security measures in place in our physical facilities to protect against the loss, misuse or alteration of information that we have collected from you at our site.
If you feel that this site is not following its stated information policy, you may contact us at the above addresses or phone number.
tea
teaware
coffee
food
gifts
featured items
Loyal-Tea Program
Our Story
Retail Store
Recipes
Tea Information
Personalized Gifts
Health Information
Coffee Information
Wholesale Info
Donations
S&V Blog
My Account
Contact Us
Request Catalog
Quick Order
Privacy Policy
Email List
FAQ
Policies & Shipping
Links
Sitemap
FOLLOW US ON SOCIAL MEDIA
3 Quarry Rd
Brookfield, CT 06804
M-F 9am - 5:30pm (EST)
Sat. 10am - 4pm
Closed Saturdays in July & Aug.
800.282.8327 (TEAS)
203.775.0240
203.775.0462
* Free ground shipping on retail orders over $50 within the continental U.S.
If you are shipping to multiple addresses each order must be over $50.
©, Inc.