https://www.bujindesign.com/return-policy
HomeOrganic and FairKeiko - GiHakamaLeather CraftsWeaponsAccessories
To category Organic and Fair
Jackets
Pants
To category Keiko - Gi
Jackets
Pants
To category Hakama
Custom Made
Standard
To category Leather Crafts
Tsuba
Musha Shugyo
To category Weapons
Jo
Aikido Bokken
Specialized Bokken
Iaito
Steel Iaito
Japanese Iaito
Customized Iaito
To category Accessories
Bags
Misc.
Coupons
Return Policy
Close menu
Categories
Organic and Fair
Keiko - Gi
Hakama
Leather Crafts
Weapons
Accessories
Information
Kontakt
Impressum
Datenschutz
Return Policy Ordering without risk
Upon receipt of our parcel, you have a fortnight for checking the products and convincing yourself of their quality. You may then return any article you do not wish to keep. The only exceptions are customized items (f.e. embroidered items) as well as audio tapes, CDs, CD-ROMs and similar articles, if the seal has been removed. It is sufficient if you return the goods within this period of time or inform us in writing of your intention. After a fortnight the purchase becomes effective.However every time goods are returned there are associated transport risks and costs, and these costs have to be paid by you!Please prepay the postage on the return parcel. In the event of defective products we will reimburse you with the postage paid. Therefore we would first ask you to see if friends or dojo mates might like the goods you want to return. Why not simply ask them? This would save you money and you need to not worry whether the parcel has arrived safely. And, last but not least, you will save having to take it to the post office.!!! If this doesn´t work, or if we have made some sort of mistake, then please contact us at once. Together we will find a solution !!!Please note the following address for returns:Bu Jin® DesignBernd SchwabEichbergstrasse 136160 DipperzGermany If a return by mail is not possible, you can inform us in writing about your return-wish. Please observe the time limit prescribed. Of course we are interested to learn why you are returning goods to us. Kindly indicate the reasons on the return slip.Consequences of a Return:During your 14-day right to return period, you may inspect and try on the items – just like in a store. If the merchandise has been impaired beyond such inspection, we may request compensation for lost value. You can avoid this by refraining from using the merchandise like an owner and from doing anything that may reduce its value. We are convinced that you will handle your right to return responsibly. Attention: If you order the same item in another colour or size after a return, this is considered a new order and new postage charges will incur thereby.
Goods that are returned to us in less than perfect condition, showing signs of use or not in their original packaging will be returned unchanged!
Recently viewed
We use cookies. Some of them are technically necessary (for example for the shopping cart), others help us improve our website and to offer you a better user experience.
You accept the following cookies by clicking on Accept all. You will find further information in the privacy settings, where you can also change your selection at any time. Just go to the page with the privacy policy. To our privacy statement...
Google Analytics: Tracking and Analysis ,  Facebook Pixel: Tracking and Analysis
Accept only technically necessary
Accept all
Technisch notwendige Cookies
immer aktiv
Funktionale Cookies ermöglichen es einer Webseite, bereits getätigte Angaben (wie zum Beispiel Benutzernamen, Sprachauswahl oder der Ort, an dem Sie sich befinden) zu speichern und dem Nutzer verbesserte, persönlichere Funktionen anzubieten.
Google Analytics
active inactive
Facebook Pixel
active inactive
Speichern
Accept all