http://www.guitargal.com/pages/policies
Brands
Alden
Alberico
American Archtop
Andersen
Anderson
Applegate
Aram
Aria
Ark New Era
Arnold
Baranik
Barzilai (Marc)
Bashkin
Batson
G. R. Bear
Beardsell
Beauregard
Benedetto
Beneteau
Bent Twig
Berkowitz
Bills
Blanchard
Borges
Bourgeois
Bown
Bozo
Branzell
Breedlove
Brondel
Buendia
Burchette
Buscarino
C Fox
CB Guitars
Caldwell
Carruth
Carvin
Caton
Cervantes
Charis
Chasson
Circa
Claxton
Collings
Crook
DT Guitars
D Ambrosio
D Angelico
D Aquisto
D Pergo
DeCava
Davis Luthiers
Ted Davis
Deering Banjos
DeJonge
Delgado
Dell Arte
DeTemple
Dion
Doerr
Doolin
D Pergo
Dudenbostel
Duesenberg
Dupont
Eggle
Eichelbaum
Elysian
Ensor
Epiphone
Ernie Ball Music Man
Evergreen Mountain
Fay
Fairbanks
Fender
Flammang
Franklin
Fraulini
Froggy Bottom
Fylde
Gallagher
Galloup
Gerber
Gibson
Gift Cards
Goodall
Graf
Great Lake
Greenfield
Gretsch
Greven
Grimes
Guild
Halland
Hemken
Heinonen
Henderson
Heritage
Hewett
Hill Guitar Co
Hoffman
Hofner
Holcomb (CF)
Hopkins
House
Humphrey
Huss & Dalton
Ibanez
Indian Hill
Ithaca Stringed Instruments
Isaac Jang
Johnson
William Jeffrey Jones
Keller
Kevin Michael
Keystone
King (Dave)
Kingslight
BC Kingston
Kinnaird
Kinscherff
Kiso Klein
Klein
Klein Kauffman
Kostal
Kragenbrink
Kramer
Kraut
Lame Horse
Langejans
Larrivee
Larson Brothers
Laskin
Leach
Lichty
Loar
Lowden
George Lowden Luthier
Lucas
MacCubbin
Maingard
Mannix
Manzer
Marchione
Martin
Matsuda
McAlister
McCollum
McElroy
McGill
McKnight
McPherson
Merrill
Mervyn Davis Guitars
Moon
Moonstone
Brian Moore
Moreira
Morgan
Mossman
Mustapick
RS Muth
NGC (Nashville Guitar Co)
NK Forster
National
Neligan (James)
New Complexity
New Era Guitars
Nickerson
Nik Huber
Noble
Noemi
Northwood
O C Bear
Olson
Osthoff
Other
Ovation
Pellerin
Perez
Petros
Phillips Metal Guitars
PRS
Radicic
RainSong Guitars
Ramirez
Rasmussen
Recording King
Reede (Tim)
Reid (David Antony)
Rein
Ribbecke
Rickenbacker
Rich & Taylor
Ronin
Roy Rogers
Running Dog
Ryan
Sand
Sands (Tom)
Sangirardi & Cavicchi
Santa Cruz
Schenk
Schwartz
Scott
Serracini
Sexauer
Shanti
Sharp
Sheppard
Schoenberg
Simpson
Sobell
Somogyi
Square Deal
St Blues
Stagg
Stehr
Strahm
Stetson
Striebel
Takamine
Taylor
Thames
Thompson
Thorell
Threet
Tippin
Traphagen
Traugott
TreeHouse
Triggs
Turner (Pete)
Vega
Veillette
Vines
Walker (Kim)
Walker (John)
Webber
Weymann
White
Peggy White
Williams
Wingert
Woolson
Yamamoto
Yong
Zimnicki
Cart
(0)
Log in
Tel: 615.672.7733
Email Us
Home
Guitars
Accessories
Other Stuff
Blog
Guitar Gallery Blog
Coming Soon
Guitars
Newsletters
Guitars 4 Troops
Pet Gallery
Contact
Account
Guitars
Accessories
Other Stuff
Blog
Guitar Gallery Blog
Coming Soon
Guitars
Newsletters
Guitars 4 Troops
Pet Gallery
Contact
Cart
(0)
MENU
Guitar Gallery Policies
Our Pledge "Satisfaction Guaranteed"...period. All guitars are shipped with 48 hour approval.
Stock PolicyAll merchandise is subject to prior sale and prices are subject to change without notice.
Utilization of our shopping cart indicates an understanding of and compliance with our store policies.
Store HoursWe are an online Guitar Shop.
How to Order
Telephone: 615.672.7733 or via our Shopping Cart
(The best time to reach us by phone is between 10:30 a.m.- 4:30 p.m CST weekdays.
We are not responsible for typographical errors on the webpage.  If it sounds too good to be true, it probably is, we are human !  Please contact us with any questions.
GUITAR GALLERY
8161 Highway 100, #196 Nashville, TN 37221-4213  ***** WE ARE A WEB-BASED BUSINESS.
Payment Policies
We accept Visa / Mastercard / Amex /Discover. (U.S.A. only), Paypal, Amazon Pay, Apple Pay, Shop Pay, wire transfers and good ol' cash. When purchasing from within the state of TN, add 9 3/4% sales tax. International orders require pre-approved payment (speak with us first) in the form of a Bank wire transfer. Due to excessive fraud from some countries, including our own.... we reserve the right to refuse to do business with any customer posing a potential threat to our security.
Shipping Policies We will gladly send instruments anywhere in the U.S. on a 48 hour approval basis with the merchandise pre-paid by cashier's check or MasterCard/VISA/Amex/Discover.  We also accept PAYPAL & APPLE PAY.
For international customers, specific arrangements will be made. 48 hour approval does not apply to international sales or to guitars shipped after a visit to our Gallery. Any merchandise returned after 48 hour approval period expiration is subject to a 3% restocking fee. All freight and insurance will be paid by the customer unless otherwise agreed upon. ANY ORDER cancelled after guitar or amp has been packed and order processed is subject to a 3% RESTOCKING Fee. Once an agreement to purchase is made, and the item paid in full, and the 48 hour approval time has passed, NO RETURNS ARE ACCEPTED. We are sorry we have to post policies like this, but 3 weeks after a purchase, a change of heart does not constitute grounds for a return. Please communicate with us at the end of the 48 hour approval window. Offers for Free Shipping*: *FREE shipping ALWAYS indicates in the U.S. Continental ONLY and is included unless the merchandise is returned. If returned, buyer pays all shipping costs. Offers for FREE Knives are restricted to shipments to the USA only.
Outside the USA / International Buyers Please Note:
Import duties, taxes and charges are not included in the item price or shipping charges.
These charges are the buyer's responsibility.
Please check with your country's customs office to determine what these additional costs will be prior to buying.
These charges are normally collected by the delivering freight (shipping) company or when you pick the item up - do not confuse them
for additional shipping charges.
We do not mark merchandise values below value or mark items as gifts -  US and International government regulations prohibit such behavior.
Return Policies Opened strings are not returnable. TORTIS PICK GUARDS are Not Returnable. If for any reason you are not satisfied with your instrument, contact us prior to the termination of your 48 hour approval time period. You must have prior approval of return. And, you MUST obtain our shipping address prior to shipment and discuss return shipping methods with us. It is your responsibility to ship the merchandise within 48 hours of contacting us regarding the return. Returned merchandise is the responsibility of the buyer until it is received and inspected by Guitar Gallery. The instrument must be fully insured for return shipment. When we receive the instrument in the exact same condition as when we shipped it to you, you will be issued a refund minus all shipping costs. Any variance from the above policy may result in a 3% RESTOCKING FEE.
There are No Returns on International Sales.
Consignment Policies
Should you decide to consign an instrument with Guitar Gallery, you do so under the following terms. Any instrument submitted for consignment shall remain in the possession of Guitar Gallery for a minimum of 180 days. If, at the end of that time, your instrument remains unsold, you may opt to continue the arrangement or ask for redelivery of your instrument to you. Shipping costs are the consignees responsibility. Instruments consigned to our care are covered by our insurance.
All instruments are kept in a temperature and humidity controlled environment in our Gallery. If you would like the added benefit of pro-recorded mp3 files, video, website listing & social media listings of your consigned guitar, remit $50 for same. A professionally recorded mp3 audio file will be posted within 2 weeks of receipt of payment under normal circumstances. These files are copyrighted and not for sale. You are not purchasing the mp3 file, you are paying for the recording of one on your instrument. We will also make and post a video of your guitar and over 10 semi-professional photographs of your instrument.
PRIVACY STATEMENTSECTION 1 - WHAT DO WE DO WITH YOUR INFORMATION?When you purchase something from our store, as part of the buying and selling process, we collect the personal information you give us such as your name, address and email address.When you browse our store, we also automatically receive your computer’s internet protocol (IP) address in order to provide us with information that helps us learn about your browser and operating system.Email marketing (if applicable): With your permission, we may send you emails about our store, new products and other updates.SECTION 2 - CONSENTHow do you get my consent?When you provide us with personal information to complete a transaction, verify your credit card, place an order, arrange for a delivery or return a purchase, we imply that you consent to our collecting it and using it for that specific reason only.If we ask for your personal information for a secondary reason, like marketing, we will either ask you directly for your expressed consent, or provide you with an opportunity to say no.How do I withdraw my consent?If after you opt-in, you change your mind, you may withdraw your consent for us to contact you, for the continued collection, use or disclosure of your information, at anytime, by contacting us at guitargal.com@gmail.com or mailing us at:Guitar Gallery, 8161 Highway 100, Suite 196, Nashville, Tennessee US 37221-4213SECTION 3 - DISCLOSUREWe may disclose your personal information if we are required by law to do so or if you violate our Terms of Service.SECTION 4 - SHOPIFYOur store is hosted on Shopify Inc. They provide us with the online e-commerce platform that allows us to sell our products and services to you.Your data is stored through Shopify’s data storage, databases and the general Shopify application. They store your data on a secure server behind a firewall.Payment:If you choose a direct payment gateway to complete your purchase, then Shopify stores your credit card data. It is encrypted through the Payment Card Industry Data Security Standard (PCI-DSS). Your purchase transaction data is stored only as long as is necessary to complete your purchase transaction. After that is complete, your purchase transaction information is deleted.All direct payment gateways adhere to the standards set by PCI-DSS as managed by the PCI Security Standards Council, which is a joint effort of brands like Visa, MasterCard, American Express and Discover.PCI-DSS requirements help ensure the secure handling of credit card information by our store and its service providers.For more insight, you may also want to read Shopify’s Terms of Service (https://www.shopify.com/legal/terms) or Privacy Statement (https://www.shopify.com/legal/privacy).SECTION 5 - THIRD-PARTY SERVICESIn general, the third-party providers used by us will only collect, use and disclose your information to the extent necessary to allow them to perform the services they provide to us.However, certain third-party service providers, such as payment gateways and other payment transaction processors, have their own privacy policies in respect to the information we are required to provide to them for your purchase-related transactions.For these providers, we recommend that you read their privacy policies so you can understand the manner in which your personal information will be handled by these providers.In particular, remember that certain providers may be located in or have facilities that are located a different jurisdiction than either you or us. So if you elect to proceed with a transaction that involves the services of a third-party service provider, then your information may become subject to the laws of the jurisdiction(s) in which that service provider or its facilities are located.As an example, if you are located in Canada and your transaction is processed by a payment gateway located in the United States, then your personal information used in completing that transaction may be subject to disclosure under United States legislation, including the Patriot Act.Once you leave our store’s website or are redirected to a third-party website or application, you are no longer governed by this Privacy Policy or our website’s Terms of Service.LinksWhen you click on links on our store, they may direct you away from our site. We are not responsible for the privacy practices of other sites and encourage you to read their privacy statements.Google analytics:Our store uses Google Analytics to help us learn about who visits our site and what pages are being looked atSECTION 6 - SECURITYTo protect your personal information, we take reasonable precautions and follow industry best practices to make sure it is not inappropriately lost, misused, accessed, disclosed, altered or destroyed.If you provide us with your credit card information, the information is encrypted using secure socket layer technology (SSL) and stored with a AES-256 encryption. Although no method of transmission over the Internet or electronic storage is 100% secure, we follow all PCI-DSS requirements and implement additional generally accepted industry standards.SECTION 7 - COOKIES Here is a list of cookies that we use. We’ve listed them here so you that you can choose if you want to opt-out of cookies or not. _session_id, unique token, sessional, Allows Shopify to store information about your session (referrer, landing page, etc). _shopify_visit, no data held, Persistent for 30 minutes from the last visit, Used by our website provider’s internal stats tracker to record the number of visits _shopify_uniq, no data held, expires midnight (relative to the visitor) of the next day, Counts the number of visits to a store by a single customer.cart, unique token, persistent for 2 weeks, Stores information about the contents of your cart. _secure_session_id, unique token, sessional storefront_digest, unique token, indefinite If the shop has a password, this is used to determine if the current visitor has access. PREF, persistent for a very short period, Set by Google and tracks who visits the store and from whereSECTION 8 - AGE OF CONSENT By using this site, you represent that you are at least the age of an adult in your state or province of residence, or that you are the age of an adult in your state or province of residence and you have given us your consent to allow any of your minor dependents to use this site.SECTION 9 - CHANGES TO THIS PRIVACY POLICYWe reserve the right to modify this privacy policy at any time, so please review it frequently. Changes and clarifications will take effect immediately upon their posting on the website. If we make material changes to this policy, we will notify you here that it has been updated, so that you are aware of what information we collect, how we use it, and under what circumstances, if any, we use and/or disclose it.If our store is acquired or merged with another company, your information may be transferred to the new owners so that we may continue to sell products to you.QUESTIONS AND CONTACT INFORMATIONIf you would like to: access, correct, amend or delete any personal information we have about you, register a complaint, or simply want more information contact our Privacy Compliance Officer at guitargal.com@gmail.com or by mail atGuitar Gallery[Re: Privacy Compliance Officer]8161 Highway 100 Suite 196 Nashville Tennessee US 37221-4213