https://www.prpseats.com/refund-policy/
Skip to content
PRP Seats Refund Policy
Topics:
Return an item for a refund
How to return an item
Exchange or replace an item
Return an item for a refund
If you are not 100% satisfied with your purchase, you can return any non-customized item and get a full refund or exchange the product for another one.
Here are a few things to keep in mind:
You can return a product for up to 30 days from the date you purchased it.
Any product you return must be in the same condition you received it and in the original packaging. Please keep the receipt.
You will be responsible for paying for your own shipping costs for returning your item. Shipping costs are non-refundable. If you receive a refund, the cost of return shipping will be deducted from your refund.
Custom items can only be returned due to defects or manufacturing issues.
Some items are not eligible to be returned, including:
Custom orders including, but not limited to, seats, window nets, storage, tie-downs, and harnesses
Gift cards
Clearance or “final sale” items
Partial refunds may be granted at PRP’s sole discretion in the following situations:
An item is not in its original condition, is damaged, or missing parts for reasons not due to our error
An item that is returned more than 30 days after delivery
Late or missing refunds
Please keep in mind, after the carrier has received your item, it can take up to 2 weeks for us to receive and process your return.
If you haven’t received a refund yet:
Contact your credit card company or bank; it may take some time before your refund is officially posted.
If you still have not received your refund, please contact us at customerservice@prpseats.com.
Go to Top
How to return an item
Please contact customerservice@prpseats.com or call 951-894-5104 to initiate the process.
Once we gather the necessary information, you will receive an RMA (Returned Materials Authorization) form via email. Please print this out and send it with your package.
Ship your product to: PRP Seats, 43352 Business Park Dr., Temecula, CA, 92590, United States
If you are shipping an item over $75, you should consider using a trackable shipping service or purchasing shipping insurance. We don’t guarantee that we will receive your returned item.
If you have requested a shipping label from us, you will receive it via email. Attach it to the outside of your package.
Schedule a pickup or drop off at the carrier’s location.
Once your return is received and inspected, we will send you an email to notify you that we have received your returned item. We will also notify you of the approval or rejection of your refund.
If approved, your refund will be processed and a credit will automatically be applied to your credit card or original method of payment within 3-5 business days.
Gifts and Items without a receipt
If you would like to make a return that was a gift or you do not have the receipt for your purchase, we can issue store credit for the retail amount of the item.
Any product you return must be in the same condition you received it and in the original packaging.
You will be responsible for paying for your own shipping costs for returning your item. Shipping costs are non-refundable.
Go to Top
Exchange or replace an item
We will replace items with the same item if they are defective or damaged. Damages due to shipping carriers cannot be exchanged unless PRP can identify the damage occurred due to poor packaging.
Go to Top
Search for:
UTV
UTV Seats
Polaris Seats
Arctic Cat Seats
Can-Am Seats
Kawasaki Seats
Yamaha Seats
Honda Seats
UTV Storage
Polaris Storage
Textron Storage
Can-Am Storage
Kawasaki Storage
Yamaha Storage
Honda Storage
Exterior Accessories
Doors
Soft Tops
Spare Tire Mounts
Suspension Accessories
Bumpers
Miscellaneous
Interior Accessories
Steering Wheels
Dash Plates
Window Nets
Seat Accessories
Miscellaneous
Off-Road
Jeep
Jeep Seat Covers
Daily Driver Series
Jeep Rear Benches
Accessories
Mounts
4×4
Toyota Seat Covers
Premier Series
Daily Driver Series
Bench Seats
Harnesses
Buggy
Premier Series
Competition Series
Roadster
Bench Seats
Harnesses
Race
Competition Series
Harnesses
Limit Straps
Custom Window Nets
Harnesses
5.3 Custom Harness (SFI 16.1)
5.3 Harness (SFI 16.1)
6.3×2 Harness (SFI 16.5)
5.3×2 Harness
5.2 Harness
4.3 Harness
4.2 Harness
4.2 Harness with Connector
Latch and Link Lap Belt
Harness Accessories
Accessories
Mounts
Storage
Steering Wheels
Suspension Accessories
Tie Downs
Gear
Clothing
Men
Women
Hats
Promotional
Decals
Banners
Warehouse Deals
Blog
About us
Sponsorships
Join PRP’s Race Program
Become a PRP Ambassador
Event Raffle Request
Dealer Locator
Contact us
My Account
Login
This website uses cookies to improve your experience. By continuing to use PRP Seats, you consent to the use of cookies according to our Privacy Policy. Cookie settingsACCEPTPrivacy & Cookies Policy
Close
Privacy Overview
This website uses cookies to improve your experience while you navigate through the website. Out of these cookies, the cookies that are categorized as necessary are stored on your browser as they are essential for the working of basic functionalities of the website. We also use third-party cookies that help us analyze and understand how you use this website. These cookies will be stored in your browser only with your consent. You also have the option to opt-out of these cookies. But opting out of some of these cookies may have an effect on your browsing experience.
Necessary
Necessary
Always Enabled
Necessary cookies are absolutely essential for the website to function properly. This category only includes cookies that ensures basic functionalities and security features of the website. These cookies do not store any personal information.
Non-necessary
Non-necessary
Any cookies that may not be particularly necessary for the website to function and is used specifically to collect user personal data via analytics, ads, other embedded contents are termed as non-necessary cookies. It is mandatory to procure user consent prior to running these cookies on your website.
How it Works
Choose convenient and affordable installation.
Buy Button
Click
Simply click the “Buy It Installed®” button
and complete your purchase.
Schedule
Schedule
A certified craftsman will contact you to set up an appointment at your convenience.
Gurantee
Enjoy
The craftsman does all of the work, so you have more time to sit back and enjoy your new product.
Upfront Pricing
Know the cost before you buy.
Convenient Scheduling
Schedule your appointment once the product ships. You can easily reschedule or cancel anytime.
Total Happiness Guarantee
When you purchase your product using the Buy It Installed® Button, you'll receive installation service backed by our Total Happiness Guarantee.
Learn More
Buy It Installed® :
The purchase of the Product(s) together with On-Site Services is powered by the Buy It Installed® Button. If you choose to use the Buy It Installed®Button, you will be asked to acknowledge and agree to the Universal Terms and Conditions prior to checkout. All On-Site Services are sold and provided to you by a third party Craftsman that participates in the Craftsman Republic®network and is certified to service and/or install the Product(s) you have purchased.
Buy It Installed® , Craftsman Republic® , and the Buy It Installed®Button and its functionality are used under permission from Service Trading Company, Inc. All rights reserved. Service Trading Company, Inc. is not affiliated with the maker or seller of the Product(s) you have purchased and does not endorse said Product(s).
Login
Username or email address *
Password *
Remember me
Log in
Lost your password?
Register
Email address *
Password *
Subscribe to our newsletterYour personal data will be used to support your experience throughout this website, to manage access to your account, and for other purposes described in our privacy policy.