http://www.grandprixmodels.co.uk/information/privacy-policy.aspx
Stay Logout
Grand Prix Models World Class Products - World Class Knowledge
AdvancedSearch
Account Login | Register
+44 (0)1295 278070
Home Model Cars
Resincast Diecast Hand Built Resin/Metal Kits Painted Kits Plastic Kits
Accessories
Decals Conversion Sets Figures Lights Wheels Display
Books and DVDs
Books DVD
Popular Links
Latest Arrivals Future Production Last Stocks Sale Items F1 Champions Ferrari F1 Le Mans Winners Le Mans 2019 Daytona 24hr F1 & FE 2019 FSW Weekly
F1 & FE 2020 LM 2020 WRC 2020
>
>
> Home > information > privacy policy Privacy Policy
This
privacy policy is for this website and served by Grand Prix Models Ltd and
governs the privacy of its users who choose to use it.
The
policy sets out the different areas where user privacy is concerned and
outlines the obligations & requirements of the users, the website and
website owners. Furthermore the way this website processes, stores and protects
user data and information will also be detailed within this policy.
Privacy
Policy – May 2018
Background:
Grand Prix Models Limited understands that your privacy
is important to you and that you care about how your personal data is used.
We respect
and value the privacy of all of our customers and suppliers and will
only collect and use personal data in ways that are described here, and in a
way that is consistent with our obligations
and your rights under the law.
1. Information About Us
Grand Prix Models Limited, a limited company registered in
England Under company number 2345845.
Registered address:
Wellington House, 273-275 High Street,
London Colney, St Albans, Herts, AL2 1EU.
Main trading address:
4 Thorpe Close, Thorpe Way, Banbury,
OX16 4SW.
VAT number: GB 197 4859 93
Email address:
mail@grandprixmodels.com
Telephone number:
01295 278070
Postal Address:
4 Thorpe Close,
Thorpe Way, Banbury, OX16 4SW.
2. What Does This Notice Cover?
This Privacy Information explains how we use your personal data: how it is collected, how it is held, and
how it is processed. It also explains your
rights under the law relating to
your personal data.
3. What is Personal Data?
Personal data is defined by the General Data Protection
Regulation (EU Regulation 2016/679) (the “GDPR”) as ‘any information relating
to an
identifiable person who can be directly or indirectly identified in
particular by reference to an identifier’.
Personal data is, in simpler terms, any information about you
that enables you to be identified. Personal data covers obvious information
such as
your name and contact details, but it also covers less obvious
information such as identification numbers, electronic location data, and other
online
identifiers.
The personal data that we use is set out in Part 5, below.
4. What Are My Rights?
Under the GDPR, you have the following rights, which we will always work to uphold:
a)
The right to be informed about our collection
and use of your personal data. This Privacy Notice should tell you everything
you need to
know, but you can always contact us to find out more or to ask any questions using the details in Part
11.
b)
The right to access the personal data we hold
about you. Part 10 will tell you how to do this.
c)
The right to have your personal data rectified
if any of your personal data held by us is
inaccurate or incomplete. Please contact us
using
the details in Part 11 to find out more.
d)
The right to be forgotten, i.e. the right to ask
us to delete or otherwise dispose of
any of your personal data that we have. Please contact
us using the details in Part 11 to find out more.
e)
The right to restrict (i.e. prevent) the
processing of your personal data.
f)
The right to object to us using your personal data for a particular purpose or purposes.
g)
The right to data portability. This means that,
if you have provided personal data to us directly, we are using it with your consent or for the
performance of a
contract, and that data is processed using automated means, you can ask us for a copy of that personal data to
re-use
with another service or business in many cases.
h)
Rights relating to automated decision-making and
profiling. We do not use your
personal data in this way.
For more information about our use of your personal data or exercising your rights as outlined
above, please contact us using the
details provided
in Part 11.
Further information about your rights can also be obtained
from the Information Commissioner’s Office or your local Citizens Advice
Bureau.
If you
have any cause for complaint about our use of your personal data, you have
the right to lodge a complaint with the Information Commissioner’s
Office.
5. What Personal Data Do You Collect?
We may collect some or all of the following personal data
(this may vary according to your relationship with us):
·
Name;
Address;
Email address;
Telephone number;
Payment information;
Information about your preferences and
interests;
6. How Do You Use My Personal Data?
Under the GDPR, we must
always have a lawful basis for using personal data. This may be because the
data is necessary for our performance
of
a contract with you, because you have consented to our use of your personal data, or because it is in our legitimate business interests to use
it.
Your personal data will be used for one or more  of the following purposes:
·
Providing and managing your account.
·
Supplying our products and services to you. Your personal details
are required in order for us to
enter into a contract with you.
·
Personalising and tailoring our products and services for you.
·
Communicating with you. This may include
responding to letters, emails or calls from you.
·
Supplying you with information by telephone, email and/or post that you have opted-in to (you may
unsubscribe or opt-out at any time by
notifying
us in writing).
With your permission and/or where permitted by law, we may also use your personal data for
marketing purposes, which may include contacting
you by email, telephone or post with
information, news, and offers on our products or services. You will not be sent any
unlawful marketing or
spam. We will
always work to fully protect your rights and comply with our obligations under the GDPR and the
Privacy and Electronic
Communications (EC Directive) Regulations 2003, and you
will always have the opportunity to opt-out.
7. How Long Will You Keep My Personal Data?
We will not keep your personal data for any longer than is
necessary in light of the reason(s) for which it was first collected. Your
personal data will
therefore be kept for the following periods (or, where there
is no fixed period, the following factors will be used to determine how long it
is kept):
We annually review personal data kept and will
proactively delete records no longer required providing we are permitted to do
so within the law.    8. How and Where Do You Store or Transfer My
Personal Data?
We will only store
or transfer your personal data in the UK. This means that it will be fully
protected under the GDPR.
9. Do You Share My Personal Data?
We may sometimes
contract with the following third parties to supply products and/or services to you on our behalf.
These may include payment
processing and delivery suppliers. In some cases,
those third parties may require access to some or all of your personal data
that we hold.
If any of your personal data is required by a third party, as
described above, we will take steps to ensure that your personal data is
handled safely,
securely, and in accordance with your rights, our obligations, and the third party’s
obligations under the law, as described above in Part 8.
If any personal data is transferred outside of the EEA, we will take suitable steps in order to
ensure that your personal data is treated just as safely
and securely as it
would be within the UK and under the GDPR, as explained above in Part 8.
In some limited circumstances, we may be legally required to share certain personal data, which
might include yours, if we are involved
in legal
proceedings or complying with legal obligations, a court order, or the
instructions of a government authority.
10. How Can I Access My Personal Data?
If you want to know what personal data we have about you, you can ask us for details of that personal data
and for a copy of it (where anysuch
personal data is held). This is known as a
“subject access request”.
All subject access requests should be made in writing and sent
to the email or postal addresses shown in Part 11.  There is not normally any
charge for a
subject access request. If your request is ‘manifestly unfounded or excessive’
(for example, if you make repetitive requests) a fee may
be charged to cover our
administrative costs in responding.
We will respond to your subject access request within 15
working days and, in any case, not more than one month of receiving it. Normally, we aim
to provide a complete response, including a copy of your
personal data within that time. In some cases, however, particularly if your
request is
more complex, more time may be required up to a maximum of three
months from the date we receive your request. You will be kept fully informed
of our progress.
11. How Do I Contact You?
To contact us about
anything to do with your personal data and data protection, including to make a
subject access request, please use the
following details:
Email address:
mail@grandprixmodels.com
Telephone number: 01295 278070
Postal Address:
4 Thorpe Close, Thorpe Way, Banbury OX16 4SW.
12. Changes to this Privacy Notice
We may change this
Privacy Notice from time to time. This may be necessary, for example, if the
law changes, or if we change our business in a
way that affects
personal data protection.
Any changes will be made available at www.grandprixmodels.com or on request
direct to us.
Our latest model, accessory, book & DVD reviews from the last 7 days
WEEKLY NEWSLETTER Weekly round-up of New Releases and Future Production &bullet Exclusively Online      &bullet Straight to your inbox
Absolutely FREE! Why Wait? View Now
A dedicated team, a shop you can visit - we provide the personal touch! Read More
Contact Us About Us Mail Order Policy Types of Models & Kits Privacy Policy Terms and Conditions
©2020 Grand Prix Models Ltd. 4 Thorpe Close, Thorpe Way, Banbury, Oxfordshire OX16 4SW Website Design By Zarr
Top