http://www.mountainthunder.com/content/privacy-policy
Main menu
Home
Buy Coffee
Join our Coffee ClubAccount Login
Farm ToursPlantation Directions
Free Tours
Lava Tube and Nature Walk
Private 4x4 Plantation Tour
Roast Master Experience
Our StoryQuality ControlPrivacy Policy
Customer Testimonials
Kona Coffee Roasts from Mountain Thunder
Award Winning
Shipping / Returns
Contact
Vacation Rental
Chocolate Covered Peaberry
Shop Now For
100% Kona Coffee
Chocolate Covered Peaberry Coffee Beans
Organic 100% Kona Coffee
1 lb Kona Coffee
1/2 lb Kona Coffee
2 lb and 5 lb 100% Kona Coffee
Hawaiian Teas
Body Products
Gifts
Shopping cart
There are no products in your shopping cart.0 ItemsTotal: $0.00
Special Offers Email List
Email Address
First Name
Last Name
COVID-19 Update
Website - Mountain Thunder continues to mill and roast 100% Kona Coffee on a daily basis – All Internet orders are filled within two business days of receipt.
Tours – Unfortunately due to current State of Hawaii regulations and the best interests in the health of our staff and customers … we are not able to offer tours at this time.  Please check back on the website for updates.
Stores – Unfortunately due to current State of Hawaii regulations and the best interests in the health of our staff and customers … we are not able to open our stores at this time.  Please check back on the website for updates.
We greatly appreciate your loyalty and continued business.
Mahalo for your patience in this most difficult situation.
Gazette
Volume 1 - Harvest
Volume 2 - Wet Mill
FAQ
Kona Coffee FAQ
Kona Coffee Roasts FAQ
Our Farm FAQ
Our Coffees FAQ
Choosing Your Coffee FAQ
Preparing Kona Coffee FAQ
Tea Brewing FAQ
Kona Coffee Recipes
Videos
Farm Tour
Vacation Rental
Check out Mountain Thunder Coffee Plantation on Yelp
Customer Login
Login only for customers who have made a purchase after May 2017.New and previous (before May 2017) customers, registration is unnecessary. Your account is created with your first purchase.
Username *
Password *
You are hereHome » Our Story » Quality Control
Privacy Policy
FREE Shipping for a limited time
All 50 States
Privacy Policy of Palani Farms, LLC
Palani Farms, LLC operates the www.mountainthunder.com website, which provides the SERVICE.
This page is used to inform website visitors regarding our policies with the collection, use, and disclosure of Personal Information if anyone decided to use our Service, the Mountain Thunder Coffee Plantation website.
If you choose to use our Service, then you agree to the collection and use of information in relation with this policy. The Personal Information that we collect are used for providing and improving the Service. We will not use or share your information with anyone except as described in this Privacy Policy.
The terms used in this Privacy Policy have the same meanings as in our Terms and Conditions, which is accessible at www.mountainthunder.com, unless otherwise defined in this Privacy Policy.
Information Collection and Use
For a better experience while using our Service, we may require you to provide us with certain personally identifiable information, including but not limited to your name, phone number, and postal address. The information that we collect will be used to contact or identify you.
Log Data
We want to inform you that whenever you visit our Service, we collect information that your browser sends to us that is called Log Data. This Log Data may include information such as your computer’s Internet Protocol ("IP") address, browser version, pages of our Service that you visit, the time and date of your visit, the time spent on those pages, and other statistics.
Cookies
Cookies are files with small amount of data that is commonly used an anonymous unique identifier. These are sent to your browser from the website that you visit and are stored on your computer’s hard drive.
Our website uses these "cookies" to collection information and to improve our Service. You have the option to either accept or refuse these cookies, and know when a cookie is being sent to your computer. If you choose to refuse our cookies, you may not be able to use some portions of our Service.
Service Providers
We may employ third-party companies and individuals due to the following reasons:
To facilitate our Service;
To provide the Service on our behalf;
To perform Service-related services; or
To assist us in analyzing how our Service is used.
We want to inform our Service users that these third parties have access to your Personal Information. The reason is to perform the tasks assigned to them on our behalf. However, they are obligated not to disclose or use the information for any other purpose.
Security
We value your trust in providing us your Personal Information, thus we are striving to use commercially acceptable means of protecting it. But remember that no method of transmission over the internet, or method of electronic storage is 100% secure and reliable, and we cannot guarantee its absolute security.
Links to Other Sites
Our Service may contain links to other sites. If you click on a third-party link, you will be directed to that site. Note that these external sites are not operated by us. Therefore, we strongly advise you to review the Privacy Policy of these websites. We have no control over, and assume no responsibility for the content, privacy policies, or practices of any third-party sites or services.
Children’s Privacy
Our Services do not address anyone under the age of 13. We do not knowingly collect personal identifiable information from children under 13. In the case we discover that a child under 13 has provided us with personal information, we immediately delete this from our servers. If you are a parent or guardian and you are aware that your child has provided us with personal information, please contact us so that we will be able to do necessary actions.
Changes to This Privacy Policy
We may update our Privacy Policy from time to time. Thus, we advise you to review this page periodically for any changes. We will notify you of any changes by posting the new Privacy Policy on this page. These changes are effective immediately, after they are posted on this page.
Contact Us
If you have any questions or suggestions about our Privacy Policy, do not hesitate to contact us.
All orders fulfilled by Mountain Thunder Coffee Plantation
We accept payment by way of Visa, MasterCard, American Express, Discover and JCB
Shipping |
Returns and Refunds |
Terms of Service |
Privacy Policy |
Contact