http://www.fuelexhausts.com/information/privacy-data-protection-policies
Save weight, improvesound & performance
UK road legal withremovable baffle
British made withlifetime guarantee
Trustpilot
Sale ends in
Days
Hours
Minutes
Seconds
Home
information
Privacy & Data Protection Policies
Privacy & Data Protection Policies
Everything you need to know
Fuel Exhausts Ltd is committed to ensuring that your privacy is protected. In this Privacy Policy references to “we” is to Fuel Exhausts Ltd. This privacy policy explains how we use the information we collect about you, how you can instruct us if you prefer to limit the use of that information and procedures that we have in place to safeguard your privacy.
Information we collect and how we use it
Any personal data relating to you gathered by us in the registration process or during your use of the service will be recorded and only be used in accordance with our Data Protection Policy.
The website uses various registration forms to enable you to request information, products and services. When you register for the secure sections of our website you will need to provide us with information such as your name and email address.
As part of the website checkout process we use third-party tool PCA Predict to enable customers to search and verify their postal addresses for billing and shipping purposes. This is a third-party tool that uses an address lookup function. More information can be found at https://www.pcapredict.com/
We may also use information and statistics for the purposes of monitoring website usage in order to help us develop the website and our services and may provide such information to third parties. These statistics will not include information that can be used to identify any individual.
From time to time we may provide your information to our customer service agencies for research and analysis purposes so that we can monitor and improve the services we provide. We or our agents and sub-contractors may contact you by post, email or telephone to ask you for your feedback and comments on our services.
We may also wish to provide you with information about special features of our website or any other service or products, or to provide you with related information from third parties we think may be of interest to you. If you would rather not receive this information, please send an email to info@fuelexhausts.com.
How we protect your information
The internet is not a secure medium. However we have put in place various security procedures as set out in this policy.
Whilst we do not directly track or record your usage of this website, in the event that we become aware that site security has been compromised as a result of external activity (including but not limited to external security attacks) we shall take reasonable measures which we deem appropriate. This includes but is not limited to internal investigation and reporting, and notification to and cooperation with law enforcement authorities.
This privacy policy may not apply to you if we believe you are misusing the website or if we are required to disclose information by a court of law or other relevant body.
We also keep your information confidential. The internal procedures of Fuel Exhausts Ltd cover the storage, access and disclosure of your information
Sale of business
If this business is sold or integrated with another business your details may be disclosed to our advisers and any prospective purchasers and their advisers and will be passed on to the new owners of the business.
Updating your details
You can ask us to update or remove your personal information by emailing the address stated on the website or in the literature or by writing to us at the address stated on the Website. However, please note that we may need to keep some personal data in order to process orders or to comply with customer service or after sale obligations.
Your consent
By submitting your information you consent to the use of that information as set out in this policy. If we change our privacy policy we will post the changes on this page, and may place notices on other pages of the website, so that you may be aware of the information we collect and how we use it at all times. We will also email you should we make any changes so that you may consent to our use of your information in that way. Continued use of the service will signify that you agree to any such changes.
Third Party Websites
This privacy policy only covers this website. Any other websites, which may be linked to by our website are subject to their own policy, which may differ from ours. If we decide to change our privacy policy we will post those changes on this page.
Data Protection Policy
We are committed to protecting the rights of individuals to privacy with regard to the processing of personal data. It is necessary for us to process personal data in the normal and proper conduct of our business operations. Such processing will be conducted fairly and lawfully in accordance with the General Data Protection Regulation (GDPR).
General Use of Personal Data
By providing Fuel Exhausts Ltd with your personal data you are consenting to the use of this information for the purpose of responding to your enquiry or processing your order. We hold data on prospective, current and former customers and other individuals interested in Fuel Exhausts Ltd.
This personal data is held in a variety of formats, electronic and manual. The processing of personal data is subject to the rules laid down under the General Data Protection Regulation (GDPR). Your personal data will be used only for proper purposes that are considered by us to be for your benefit.
The protection of your personal data will be governed by the provisions of the General Data Protection Regulation (GDPR). Access to your data will be restricted to those personnel to whom it is necessary for proper purposes.
We will not sell your personal data to third parties. Your personal data will only be transferred to third parties where this is for proper purposes related your transaction, for example where it is necessary for the delivery of services by third parties to you.
The Principles of Data Protection
There are seven Data Protection principles set out under the General Data Protection Regulation (GDPR):
Lawfulness, fairness and transparency
Purpose limitation
Data minimisation
Accuracy
Storage limitation
Integrity and confidentiality
Accountability
Fuel Exhausts Ltd will adhere to these principles and the guidelines set out in the General Data Protection Regulation (GDPR).
Consent
Fuel Exhausts Ltd seeks to use your personal data only for the purposes of legitimate interests and, where practicable, with your consent.
You have the right to know what personal data Fuel Exhausts Ltd holds about you and for this to be correct. Procedures for the management of personal data are in place and enquiries may be made as set out below.
Fuel Exhausts Ltd may use your personal data to contact you regarding new products and services offered by Fuel Exhausts Ltd and which we think may be of interest to you. By providing your personal data to Fuel Exhausts Ltd you are consenting to the use of your information in this way. Should you not wish to receive further information concerning products and services offered by Fuel Exhausts Ltd please write to the address provided on the website.
Accessing your Personal Data
You have the right to see the personal data that we hold about you and for that data to be corrected if it is incorrect. Minor requests about your personal data may be dealt with informally in the course of normal administration, at the sole discretion of Fuel Exhausts Ltd.
If you wish to make a formal request for access to your personal data then this should be made in writing to Fuel Exhausts Ltd at the address stated within the website or literature.
If we decide to change our data protection policy we will post those changes on this page so that you are always aware of what information we collect, how we use it and under what circumstances we may disclose it.