https://www.herbal-smoke.com/privacy-policy/
COUPON CODE!!!
This month we're celebrating our 17th year anniversary at Herbal-Smoke.com! Enter coupon code "17years" at checkout and get 10% off!
Also you'll receive a "double" free herbal smoke shop sample with every order.
Check-Out some of our Herbal Smoke's Shop Specials too!Special Combo Deals
Best of the Best - Herbal Smoke - 100% Organic Artisan Herbal Blends
About Us
About Us
Answers To Questions
Mail Order Form
Terms & Shipping
Customer Feedback
Join Our Newsletter
Herbal Smoke Wholesale
Privacy Policy
Sitemap
Contact Us
Shopping Cart
Checkout
My Account
Privacy Policy
Herbal-Smoke.com > Privacy Policy
This privacy policy is for this website; www.herbal-smoke.com and governs the privacy of it’s users who choose to use it.
The policy sets out the different areas where user privacy is concerned and outlines the obligations and requirements of the users, the website and website owners. Furthermore the way this website processes, stores and protects user data and information will also be detailed within this policy.
This website and its owners take a proactive approach to user privacy and ensure the necessary steps are taken to protect the privacy of its users throughout their visiting experience.
Use of Cookies
This website uses cookies to better the users experience while visiting the website. Where applicable this website uses a cookie control system allowing the user on their first visit to the website to allow or disallow the use of cookies on their computer / device. This complies with recent legislation requirements for websites to obtain explicit consent from users before leaving behind or reading files such as cookies on a user’s computer / device. Cookies are small files saved to the user’s computers hard drive that track, save and store information about the user’s interactions and usage of the website. This allows the website, through its server to provide the users with a tailored experience within this website. Users are advised that if they wish to deny the use and saving of cookies from this website on to their computers hard drive they should take necessary steps within their web browsers security settings to block all cookies from this website and its external serving vendors.
This website may use tracking software to monitor its visitors to better understand how they use it. This software is provided by Google Analytics which uses cookies to track visitor usage. The software will save a cookie to your computers hard drive in order to track and monitor your engagement and usage of the website, but will not store, save or collect personal information. You can read Google’s privacy policy here for further information [ http://www.google.com/privacy.html ]. Other cookies may be stored to your computers hard drive by external vendors when this website uses referral programs, sponsored links or adverts. Such cookies are used for conversion and referral tracking and typically expire after 30 days, though some may take longer. No personal information is stored, saved or collected.
Contact and Communication
Users contacting this website and/or its owners do so at their own discretion and provide any such personal details requested at their own risk. Your personal information is kept private and stored securely until a time it is no longer required or has no use, as detailed in the Data Protection Act 1998. Every effort has been made to ensure a safe and secure form to email submission process but advise users using such form to email processes that they do so at their own risk. This website and its owners use any information submitted to provide you with further information about the products/services we offer or to assist you in answering any questions or queries you may have submitted. This includes using your details to subscribe you to any email newsletter program the website operates but only if this was made clear to you and your express permission was granted when submitting any form to email process. Or whereby you the consumer have previously purchased from or inquired about purchasing from the company a product or service that the email newsletter relates to. This is by no means an entire list of your user rights in regard to receiving email marketing material. Your details are not passed on to any third parties.
Email Newsletter
This website may operate an email newsletter program, used to inform subscribers about products and services supplied by this website. Users can subscribe through an online automated process should they wish to do so but do so at their own discretion. Some subscriptions may be manually processed through prior written agreement with the user. No personal details are passed on to third parties nor shared with companies / people outside of the company that operates this website. Email marketing campaigns published by this website or its owners may contain tracking facilities within the actual email. Subscriber activity is tracked and stored in a database for future analysis and evaluation. Such tracked activity may include; the opening of emails, forwarding of emails, the clicking of links within the email content, times, dates and frequency of activity [this is by no far a comprehensive list]. This information is used to refine future email campaigns and supply the user with more relevant content based around their activity.
External Links
Although this website only looks to include quality, safe and relevant external links, users are advised adopt a policy of caution before clicking any external web links mentioned throughout this website. The owners of this website cannot guarantee or verify the contents of any externally linked website despite their best efforts. Users should therefore note they click on external links at their own risk and this website and its owners cannot be held liable for any damages or implications caused by visiting any external links mentioned.
Social Media Platforms
Communication, engagement and actions taken through external social media platforms that this website and its owners participate on are custom to the terms and conditions as well as the privacy policies held with each social media platform respectively. Users are advised to use social media platforms wisely and communicate / engage upon them with due care and caution in regard to their own privacy and personal details. This website nor its owners will ever ask for personal or sensitive information through social media platforms and encourage users wishing to discuss sensitive details to contact them through primary communication channels such as by telephone or email. This website may use social sharing buttons which help share web content directly from web pages to the social media platform in question. Users are advised before using such social sharing buttons that they do so at their own discretion and note that the social media platform may track and save your request to share a web page respectively through your social media platform account.
Orders
We request information from you on our order form. To buy from us, you must provide contact information (like name and shipping address) and financial information (like credit card number, expiration date). This information is used for billing purposes and to fill your orders. When you place an order, your personal information are encrypted using SSL encryption technology before being sent over the Internet, making it virtually impossible for your information to be stolen or intercepted while being transferred. If we have trouble processing an order, we’ll use this information to contact you.
Notice
This privacy policy is subject to change without notice and was last updated on March 20th, 2014.
For any questions or concerns, please contact us.
All orders are shipped via the United States Postal Service (US Mail / Post Office) from Phoenix Arizona. We use delivery confirmation or tracking on all orders to USA to ensure your order gets to you.
All packages are shipped very discreetly .... Only you know what is inside!
×
At Herbal-Smoke.com every time you place an order that is $29.95 or more before shipping you receive a FREE GIFT as our way of saying "Thank You".
Although we pick which free gift you receive - your free gift usually is a sample of one or more of our top selling herbal blends. If you have previously ordered from us we try and send different samples or products each time you order.
Depending on the size of your order we try and add additional or larger FREE samples of the many different herbal blends or fabulous herbal smoking blends we carry.
×
Your online order with www.Herbal-Smoke.com is 100% secure. Our shopping cart protected with Secure Sockets Layer (SSL), the standard for encrypted commercial transactions throughout the Internet.
When accessing a secure server, the first characters of the site address will change from "http" to "https". SSL encrypts all personal information, including your name and credit card number, so that this information cannot be read as it travels through the Internet. We guarantee that every online transaction you make will be 100% safe.
×
WHEN YOU CAN'T DECIDE - Since we only sell the best of the best herbal smoke products on our site in essence all our herbal smoke are the finest. So how do you choose which one is best for you among so many different brands and products? The answer is, it isn’t easy. But by choosing any one of our cost saving combo packs it certainly can help.
How? Because by trying anyone of our different samplers or combo packs you’re bound to find the ultimate Herbal Smoke Blend that's right for you and delivers exactly what you've been looking for. So try a sampler for yourself, and discover the products that most appeal to you. Then you can go on to stock up with confidence. That, after all, is the theory behind all sampler and combo selections.
×