http://www.wallwords.com/terms.asp
Login DetailsEmailPasswordRemember login on this computer?New Account*Full Name*Email*PasswordAllow Promotional Emails(We will never divulge your email to a 3rd party)
Not logged in
» Login
View Cart (0)
Your shopping cart is currently empty  Close
VOTE ·
GIFT CERTIFICATES ·
CLIENT LOGIN ·
ORDER STATUS ·
CONTACT US
HOME
Vinyl Decals
Designer Decals
Cabin Decals
Farm and Garden Decals
Home and Family Decals
Kitchen Decals
Food & Kitchen Items
Borders
Laundry Decals
Loving Decals
Medical Decals
Motivational Decals
Scroll Designs
Vintage Decals
Decorative Art
Designer Layouts
Culture & Seasonal
Arts & Crafts Decals
Music & Dance Decals
Sports Decals
Patriotic Decals
Religious Decals
Nursery Decals
Thanksgiving Decals
Christmas Decals
Easter Decals
Mothers Day Decals
Halloween Decals
St. Patricks Day
Angels
Monograms and More
All Monograms
Word Clouds
Spiritual Symbols
Filigree and Character Art
Skull Collection
Big Faces
Mirror Art
Castles
City Scape Decals
Silhouettes
Full Size Silhouettes
Tracks
Underlines
Animals & Nature
Animals, Seaside and Fish
African Animals
Digital Fish & Tropical Creatures
Dog Decals
Cat Decals
Horse Decals
Trees, Flowers and Nature
Butterflies
Birds & Beasts
Aliens, Planets, and Stars
Kid Kuts Animals
Quotes
All Quote Categories
Positive Quotes
Fun Quotes
Higher Power Quotes
Family Quotes
Growing Better
Loving Quotes
Short-N-Sweet
Home
In Tune With Nature
Wine Quotes
Pet Quotes
Kitchen Quotes
Education
Arts & Crafts
America
Misc.
Poets Corner
Business
International Quotes
Nursery
Cowboys and Cowgirls!
Sorority Wall Words
Simple Wisdom Quotes
7 Words Deal
All Categories
Design Your Own
Custom Text Designer tool
Custom Design Request Form
Upload Your Files
Design Service
Baby Name Meanings
Ideas
Catalog
Customer Ideas and Testimonials
Customer Gallery
Commercial Gallery
Religious Gallery
Winners Ideas
Emmy Celebration
Press
Help
Design Service
Installation Instructions
How To Videos
Frequently Asked Questions
Request Color Samples
Fonts
Colors
Direct Payment
Contact Us
About Us
Advanced Search
Terms of UseWelcome to Wallwords.com. We maintain our web site exclusively as a service to our customers. By using this site, you are agreeing to comply with and be bound by the following terms of use. We request that you review the following Terms of Agreement, and if you do not agree to these terms, you should not view its contents or purchase goods and products from this web site.1. Acceptance of Agreement. Viewing the contents of this web site, and/or the purchase of products constitutes agreement to the terms and conditions as stated in these Terms of Use Agreement with respect to our web site. These Terms of Agreement shall constitute the complete and only agreement between Wall Words and you, and supersedes all other agreements, understandings, warranties and representations with respect to our web site, the products, services and content provided by or through our web site, and the subject matter contained in this Terms of Agreement. Wall Words can amend these Terms of Agreement at any time, as needed, without your notification. The most recent Terms of Agreement shall be posted on the web site, and it is recommended that you review these Terms of Agreement prior to using our web site.2. Refund Policy. If you purchase a defective Wall Words product, or perhaps one that is not up to your reasonable satisfaction, you may return the product within 30 days of purchase to Wall Words. Upon receipt of said product, Wall Words shall either, provide you a credit for future purchases (less shipping and handling) or a complete refund.3. Trademarks and Copyright. Wall Words respects the intellectual property of others, and we ask you to do the same. All quotations used on this website are the exclusive works of their respective owners. These quotes, phrases and sayings are in the public domain and several are protected by U.S. copyrights and posted under US Copyright Fair Use guidelines. Wall Words services are limited to the design and manufacture of items on this site or custom quotes provided by clients. It is the sole responsibility of Wall Words clients to obtain permission to use quotes, phrases and sayings provided by them to Wall Words. It is not the responsibility of Wall Words to search the archives of the U.S. Patent and Trade Office, or foreign entities, for authorized use of words and phrases provided by clients.If you believe that a copyright infringement has occurred on your intellectual property, we request you provide the following information to Wall Words Inc., and we will forward it to our Copyright Agent.(a) A detailed description of the copyrighted work that you declare has been infringed upon; and(b) A description of where the alleged infringed material is located on this web site; and(c) A brief statement by you, that you have a good faith belief that its use is not sanctioned or authorized by the copyright owner, his agent, or the law; and(d) Your address, telephone number, with email address; and(e) The signature of the individual authorized to act on behalf of the owner of the copyright interest;(f) A statement by you, made under penalty of perjury, that the above information in your Notice is completely accurate, and stating that you are the copyright owner or authorized to act on the copyright owner's behalf.The original content, graphics, design, organization and compilations created by Wall Words is proprietary in nature, and is protected under U.S. copyrights, trademarks and other applicable (including but not limited to intellectual property) rights. The copying, redistribution, use or publication of any material, in whole or in part, from this web site is strictly prohibited without written permission. Visitors to this web site do not acquire ownership rights to any content, document or other materials contained herein. The posting of information or materials on this web site does not in any fashion constitute a waiver of any rights in such information and materials.4. Trademarks. Wall Words is a registered trademark of Wall Words, Inc. Other products, company names, or links this web site may contain may be registered trademarks of their respective owners.5. Editing, Deleting and Modification. We reserve the exclusive right to edit or delete any documents, information or other content appearing on this web site at our discretion.6. Miscellaneous. These Terms of Agreement were created and executed in Orange County, California, and shall be governed by and construed in accordance with applicable laws of the State of California (without regard to conflict of law principles). Any cause of action with respect to this web site (and/or any information, products or services related thereto) must be initiated within one (1) calendar year after the cause of action arose or be forever waived and barred. All actions shall be subject to the limitations set forth in the applicable section of these Terms of Agreement. The language in these Terms of Agreement shall be interpreted as to its fair meaning and not strictly for or against either party. All legal proceedings arising out of or in connection with this Agreement shall be brought solely in Tustin, California. Users of this web site hereby submit to the exclusive jurisdiction of said courts and also consents to extra-territorial service of process. Should any part of these Terms and Agreement be held invalid or unenforceable, that portion shall be construed consistent with applicable law and the remaining portions shall remain in full force and effect. To the extent that anything associated with this web site is in conflict or inconsistent with these Terms of Agreement, than these Terms of Agreement shall take precedence. Any failure on our part to enforce any portion of these Terms of Agreement shall not be deemed a waiver, or implied approval, of such provision nor of the right to enforce such provision at a later date.7. Use of Information. Wall Words reserves the right and you hereby authorize us, to the use and assignment of any and all information in regard to this web site uses by you and all information provided by you in any manner consistent with our Privacy Policy.8. Nontransferable. Your right to use the web site is not transferable. Any password or right given to you to obtain information or documents from this web site is not transferable.9. Disclaimer and Limits. Any information obtained from or though this web site is provided "as is", and all warranties, expressly made or implied, are disclaimed (including but not limited to the disclaimer of any implied warranties of merchantability and fitness for a particular purpose). Information and services connected to this web site may contain errors, technical problems or other limitations unintended by the owners of this web site. Wall Words and our affiliated parties have no liability whatsoever for your use of this web site and/or any information or service contained herein. We and our affiliated parties are not liable for any damages, direct, indirect, incidental or consequential to this web site (including, but not limited to, loss of business or profits, litigation, or the like), whether based upon breach of contract, breach of warranty, tort (including negligence), product liability or otherwise, even if advised of the possibility of such damages. The cancellation or negations of any damages set forth above are fundamental elements of the basis of the implied or explicit bargain between Wall Words and you. This web site and the information contained herein would not be provided without such limitations. No recommendation, advice or opinions, written or oral, obtained from this web site, or Wall Word employees shall create any warranty, representation or guarantee not expressly stated in these Terms of Agreement.Any liability or responsibility for any damages allegedly caused by viruses, or other electronic bugs, contained within the electronic file containing the form, phrase, or quote that you access is disclaimed. Wall Words is not liable to you for any incidental, special or consequential damage of any kind that may result from your use or inability to use our web site. Any liability to you under any and all circumstances shall be limited to the purchase price paid by you for any goods, services and information10. Third Party Services. Wall Words may allow access to (i.e., links) or advertise third-party merchant sites from which you may purchase certain goods or services. You understand that Wall Words does not operate or in any way control the products or services offered by said merchants. Other merchants are solely responsible for all aspects of order processing, fulfillment, billing and customer service. Wall Words is not a party to the transactions entered into between you and other merchants. You agree that use of such merchants is at your sole risk and is without warranties of any kind by us, expressed, implied or otherwise, including but not limited to warranties of title, fitness for purpose, merchantability or non-infringement. Under no circumstances whatsoever are we liable for any damages arising from the transactions between you and these merchants, or for any information appearing on the merchant web sites or any other web site linked to the Wall Words web site.11. Third-Party Merchant Policies. All rules, policies (including privacy policies) and operating procedures of other merchants will apply to you while on such sites. Wall Words is not responsible for information provided by you to these other merchants. Wall Words and the merchants are independent contractors and neither party has any authority to make any representations or commitments on behalf of the other.12. Privacy Policy. Our Privacy Policy, as it may change from time to time, is a part of this Agreement. Wall Words will not sell not sell contact information with any third party.13. Payments. Customers represent and warrant that purchasing a product from Wall Words or from any merchants connected to this web site that: (1) any credit information you supply is true, accurate and complete; (2) any charges incurred by you will be honored by your credit card company or checks written by you shall be honored by your bank, and; (3) you will pay the charges incurred by you at the posted prices, including shipping and handling and any applicable sales taxes.14. Securities Laws. This web site may include statements concerning company operations, prospects, business strategies, financial condition, future economic performance and demand for our products or services, as well as our intentions, plans and objectives, which are strategic planning statements. These statements are based upon a number of assumptions and estimates which are subject to significant uncertainties, many of which are beyond our control. When used on our web site, subjective terms and expressions are intended to identify strategic planning, and are designed to fall within securities law safe harbors for forward-looking statements. The web site and other information contained herein do not constitute an offer or a solicitation of an offer for sale of any securities. None of the information contained herein is intended to be, and shall not be deemed to be, incorporated into any of our securities-related filings or documents.15. Links to other Web Sites. The Wall Words web site may contain electronic links to other web sites. Wall Words is not responsible for the content, accuracy or opinions express in such web sites, and any such web sites are not investigated, monitored or checked for accuracy or completeness by Wall Words. Inclusion of any linked web site on the Wall Words web site does not imply approval or endorsement of the linked web site by us. If you decide to leave our web site and access these third-party sites, understand that you do so at your own risk.16. Limited Right to Use. The viewing, downloading or printing of any item from this web site (i.e., content, graphic, form or document) grants you only a limited, nonexclusive license for use solely by you for your own personal use and not for sale, distribution, assignment, sublicense, republication, preparation of derivative works or other use. No part of any content, form or document may be reproduced in any form or incorporated into any information retrieval system, electronic or mechanical, other than for your personal use (but not for resale or redistribution).17. Indemnification. Visitors to this web site hereby agree to indemnify, defend and hold us and our partners, attorneys, staff and affiliates (collectively, "Affiliated Parties") harmless from any liability, loss, claim and expense, including reasonable attorney's fees, related to your violation of this Agreement or use of the web site.18. Information. This web site contains information about Wall Words, Inc. While this information was believed to be accurate as of the date prepared, Wall Words disclaims any duty or obligation to update this.Copyright © 1998-2020 by Wall Words, Inc. All rights reserved. Terms of Use.
Our Products
Vinyl Decals
» Designer Decals
» » Cabin Decals
» » Farm and Garden Decals
» » Kitchen Decals
» » Laundry Decals
» » Loving Decals
» » Medical Decals
» » Motivational Decals
» » Vintage Decals
» Assisted Living Packages
» Home and Family Decals
» Leisure
» » Arts & Crafts Decals
» » Music & Dance Decals
» » Sports Decals
» Monograms
» » Boston
» » New Orleans
» » St. Louis
» » New York
» » Vintage
» » Art Deco Nouveau Capital Initials
» » Kramer Capital Initials
» » Zallman Capital Initials
» » Critters Capital Initials for Children
» » Floral Initials
» » Parchment Initials
» » Ruritania Initials
» Patriotic Decals
» Pets
» » Cat Decals
» » Dog Decals
» Nature
» » Nature Scene Decals
» » Tree Decals
» » Flowers Plants and Leaves
» » Vinyl Flower Tiles
» » Vines
» » Wall Flowers & Branches
» Nursery Decals
» Religious Decals
» Seasonal
» » Easter Decals
» » Mothers Day Decals
» » Thanksgiving
» » Halloween
» » Christmas Decals
» » Irish Designer Layouts
» » Valentine's Day
» City Scape Decals
» Word Clouds
» Catalog (PDF)
» African Animals
» Aliens, Planets and Stars
» Big Faces
» Digital Fish & Tropical Creatures
» Food & Kitchen Items
» Classic Cars and Vintage Vehicles
» Decorative Art
» » Angels
» » Silhouettes
» » Decorative Art Decals
» » Full Size Silhouettes
» » Castles
» » Kid Kuts Animals
» » Butterflies
» » Horses
» Decorative Ends
» » Skull Collection
» » Spiritual Symbols
» » Animals, Seaside and Fish
» » Filigree and Character Art
» Motorcycles
» Tracks
» Mirror Art
» » Mirror & Window Art - Hats
» » Mirror & Window Art - Wings
» » Mirror & Window Art - Mustaches
» » Mirror & Window Art - Dude/Wench Hair
» Stick Family
» Chandeliers
» Birds & Beasts
» Borders
» Underlines
» Scroll Designs
» Designer Layouts
» Farm Animals
7 Words Deal
Design Your Own
Design Service
Current Specials
Help
» "Design Your Own" Tutorial
» Installation Instructions
» How To Videos
» Frequently Asked Questions
» Fonts
» Colors
» Request Free Color Samples
» Contact Us
Quotes
» All Positive Quotes
» » Positive Quotes
» » Motivational Quotes
» » Home Positive Quotes
» All Fun Quotes
» » Fun
» » Fun Ticklers
» » Fun Age
» » Fun Golf
» » Fun Garden
» » Fun Life Happens
» » Fun Housework
» » Fun Home
» » Fun Health
» Higher Power Quotes
» Family Quotes
» » Family
» » Family Angels
» » Family Babies
» Growing Better
» Loving Quotes
» 3 Words or Less Quotes - Short-N-Sweet
» In Tune With Nature
» Wine Quotes
» Pet Quotes
» Kitchen Quotes
» Education
» Arts & Crafts
» America
» Poets Corner
» » Poems by Christy Schwan
» » Poems by Eileen Lebowitz
» » Poems by Judy Taylor
» » Poems by Vickie Case
» » Poems by Jennifer Lee Meisner
» » Poems by Susan Sundwall
» » Poems by Sherry Larson
» Simple Wisdom
» Business
» International Quotes
» » Irish Quotes
» » Chinese Characters
» » Italian Quotes
» » French Quotes
» » Spanish Quotes
» » German Quotes
» » Latin Quotes
» Nursery
» Cowboys and Cowgirls!
» Sorority Wall Words
» Definitions
Gift Certificates
Filter By...
Sort Order
Please Select...
Sort AlphabeticallyAlphabetically (Desc.)Sort by Product IDProduct ID (Desc.)Sort By SKUSort By SKU (Desc.)Sort Price (Asc.)Sort Price (Desc.)Database OrderProduct OrderProduct Order (Desc.)Average Rating View # Products on Page
15 Per Page30 Per Page45 Per Page60 Per Page75 Per Page Filter By Keyword
Shopping cart
Shopping cart
0 Product(s) in cart
Discounts $0.00
Total $0.00
»
Checkout
Your account
Login Status
Not logged in
» Login
Newsletter
Our services
About Us
Store search
Help Files
Contact Us
Customer services
Contact us
Special Offers
Help & FAQ
FAQ's
Order Status
News
As Seen on TV
Wallwords in the News
Policies
Privacy Policy
Terms of Use
© Copyright 2019 - Shopping cart by Visualnet Media, Inc.