http://www.exercisesystems.com/privacy-policy
Privacy Policy | Exercise Systems, Inc.
407-996-8890
Blog
Testimonials
Search for:
ABOUT US
SERVICES
NEW EQUIPMENT
Landice
Landice Commercial
Landice Residential
Batca Fitness Systems
SportsArt
SPECIAL DEALS
PROJECTS
LOCATION
CONTACT US
Select Page
PRIVACY POLICY
All the legalese regarding our website.
This statement discloses the privacy practices of Exercise Systems, Inc. (“ESI”) for www.exercisesystems.com (collectively, “Site” or “Sites”). PLEASE READ OUR PRIVACY POLICY CAREFULLY BEFORE USING THIS SITE. By using our Site, you signify your agreement to this Policy. If you do not agree to the Privacy Policy, please do not use this Site. ESI reserves the right, at its discretion, to change, modify, add, or remove portions of this Privacy Policy at any time, without notice to you. Updated versions of the Policy will appear on the Site and are effective immediately. You are responsible for regularly reviewing the Privacy Policy. Continued use of the Site after any such changes constitutes your consent to such changes.
ESI is the sole owner of information collected on our Site. We will not sell, share, or rent this information to others in ways different from what is disclosed in this statement. We collect information at several points on our Site. Our goal is to be your favorite destination on the Internet for Dog Training. To accomplish this goal, ESI needs to collect information to understand what differentiates you from our other unique users.
We collect two types of information from you, “anonymous information” and “personally identifiable information.” Anonymous information is information that cannot be tied back to a particular individual. For example, we may collect referral data (e.g. the last site you visited before clicking through to ESI), and browser and platform type. ESI collects this information for purposes of product monitoring, product improvement, and targeted advertising to improve your overall experience on our Site.
In addition to the anonymous information, ESI may also collect personally identifiable information. Personally identifiable information is any information that tells us who you are, such as your name, mailing address, e-mail address, telephone number, password, and payment information. Most of the personally identifiable information is collected when you become a subscriber. Providing such information helps us to better customize your experience. We may also track the activities you conduct while on our Site.
If you contact ESI, we may keep a record of that correspondence. We may also collect email addresses of those that subscribe and/or correspond with ESI via email. We use the information provided so that we may respond to your inquiries and send customary business communications (address confirmation, renewal notifications, new product offerings, etc).
When information is collected on any Internet domain of ESI, that information is collected and maintained solely by ESI. Except as set forth in this paragraph, ESI will not disclose any personally identifiable information it collects from you to any unaffiliated third parties. In the following limited circumstance we will consider, and may release, personally identifiable information to third parties to comply with valid legal requirements such as a law, regulation, search warrant, subpoena or court order.
LOCATION
DrewTina Commerce Center6881 Kingspointe ParkwaySuite #10Orlando, Florida 32819407-996-8890
Mon – Thur: 8:30 AM – 5 PMFri: 8:30 AM - 1 PM Sat. & Sun: By Appointment Only
FOLLOW US
FollowFollow
Exercise Systems, Inc.
DrewTina Commerce Center6881 Kingspointe ParkwaySuite #10Orlando, Florida 32819
Exercise Systems, Inc. | Quality Commercial Fitness Equipment
FollowFollow
Copyright © 2020 Exercise Systems, Inc. All Rights Reserved. | Privacy Policy | FAQs| Site Map
error: Content is protected !!