https://www.originlive.com/privacy-policy/
Skip to content
Privacy PolicyDavid Baker2018-05-24T13:05:18+01:00
Privacy Policy
Last Updated on April 13, 2018. This Privacy Policy is effective immediately for Users after that date.
Origin Live respects your privacy and are committed to protecting it through our compliance with this Privacy Policy. This policy describes:
• the types of information that we may collect from you when you access or use our website and other online services.
• our practices for collecting, using, maintaining, protecting and disclosing that information.
This policy applies only to information we collect through our Services and in the electronic communications sent through or in connection with our Services.
Definitions
User
“User” or “you” or “your” refers to you, as a user of the Services. A user is someone who accesses or uses the Services for the purpose of sharing, displaying, hosting, publishing, transacting, uploading information or viewing pictures and includes other persons jointly participating in using the Services.
User Account
“User Account” is a separate part of the website, containing User information required by Origin Live during registration and used for the successful completion of an online purchase.
Content
“Content” will include (but is not limited to) images, photos, audio, video, location data, ‘nearby places’, and all other forms of information or data.
Origin Live strives to offer its visitors and Users the many advantages of Internet technology and to provide an interactive and personalised experience. For these purposes, we, from Origin Live, may use personally identifiable information – like your name, email address, address, telephone number, etc., which are subject to the terms of this Privacy Policy. We, and we suppose you too, do not tolerate spam. We will therefore never sell, barter, or rent your email address to any third party.
What information do we collect from our website visitors (Users)?
Origin Live may collect and use information of and regarding its Users. We collect only data which is essential to our operations and enables us to provide you with better user experience.
The information, through which the person may be identified, may include data, which the User voluntarily enters, uses or provides when using the Services of the Origin Live website, or submits when creating a User Account. Origin Live collects and uses the information for the purposes, outlined in this Privacy Policy, as well as to offer new services to the User or to familiarise the User with new functionalities on the website.
We may also use certain performance tracking tools, such as Google Analytics. Through the use of Google Analytics we gather information regarding your behaviour and preferences when using our online platform. You can opt-out of Google Analytics cookies.
We collect two types of information from and about our Users, including information:
• by which you may be personally identified; and/or
• about your internet connection, the equipment you use to access our Services and your usage details (i.e. your Internet Service Provider).
The information we collect on or through our Services may include:
User Account information: Personal information, such as your full name and other information you may provide with your account, such as your address and phone number, that may be displayed as a part of your User Account;
We collect this information in order to verify your identity and provide you with an individualised experience of our Services.
Contact Information: Your contact information, such as email address and other ways of communication.
We collect this information in order to provide you with access to certain features of our Services and to inform you about relevant information concerning your use of our Services.
Preferences: Your preferences and settings such as time zone and language;
We collect this information in order to enhance your user experience.
Your Content: Information you provide through our Services. You also may provide information (likes, ratings, reviews, images, photos, comments, etc.) to be published or displayed on publicly accessible areas of the Services.
We collect this information in order to keep track of the user generated content and examine whether it complies with our content standards.
Searches and other activities: The search terms you have looked up and results you selected;
We collect this information in order to improve your user experience and provide you with more relevant content and Services.
Browsing information: How long you used our Services, which features you used, etc.;
We collect this information in order to analyse the behaviour of our users and improve our Services.
Communications: Between you and Origin Live support staff regarding the Services.
We collect this information in order to monitor the quality of our support staff and your communications with us.
Transactional information: If you make payments or purchases through our Services, we may collect and store information about you to process your requests and automatically complete forms for future transactions;
We collect this information in order to enhance your buying experience.
Information from third parties: We may collect, process and store your user ID associated with any social media account (such as your Facebook and Google account) that you use to sign into the Services or connect with or use with the Services. This could include, without limitation, any information that you have made public through a given social media account of yours.
We collect this information in order to provide you with an easier and faster access to our Services.
Location Data: We may collect information about your location if you have instructed your mobile device or computer to send such information via the privacy settings on that mobile device or computer. We may use the location data collected to enhance your use of the Services by providing you with relevant content and contextual advertising
How we gather information from users
How we collect and store information depends on the pages you are visiting, the activities in which you elect to participate and the services provided. For example, you may be asked to provide information when you register for access to certain portions of our website, create a User account, request certain features, such as email newsletters or when you make a payment. Like most websites, Origin Live also collects information automatically and through the use of electronic tools that may be transparent to our visitors and Users. For example, we may log the name of your Internet Service Provider.
What we do with the information we collect
We respect your privacy and do not share your information with anyone.
Aggregate information and information that does not personally identify you, may be used in many ways. For example, Origin Live may combine information about your usage patterns on the website with similar information obtained from other users to help enhance our website and Services (e.g., to learn which pages are visited the most or which features Users find most useful). This information does not enable Origin Live to identify an individual User. We may use personally identifiable information, collected on the website, to communicate with you about your registration and any purchases you may have made. Personally identifiable information collected by Origin Live may also be used for other purposes, including but not limited to website administration, troubleshooting, processing of e-commerce transactions and other communications with you. Certain third parties who provide technical support for the operation of our website – our Web hosting service for example – may have access to such information. We will use your information only as permitted by law. We may also disclose your information in response to a court order, or at other times when we believe we are reasonably required to do so by applicable law, in connection with the collection of amounts you may owe to us, and/or to law enforcement authorities, whenever we deem it appropriate or necessary. Please note we may not provide you with notice prior to disclosure in such cases.
We strive to always protect your personal payment information. Payment transactions may be made via Paypal. We accept payments via all major credit and debit card providers, such as VISA, Mastercard and others. All payment card transactions made through our payment gateway are processed using a secure online payment gateway using Secure Socket Layer (SSL) encryption technology. We do not hold your payment card details on any of our electronic systems.
We may use personal information we collect from you, such as age, gender, interests, activities etc. in order to better understand your behaviour and provide you with the most relevant content and advertisements.
You may opt-out of the automated collection of information by changing your preferences at www.google.com/settings/ads.
How we use Cookies and other automatic tracking systems
Cookies are alphanumeric identifiers that we transfer to your computer’s hard drive through your web-browser to enable our systems to recognise you.
We may obtain information about your general internet usage by using a cookie file which is stored on the hard drive of your computer. Cookies contain information that is transferred to your computer’s hard drive. They help us to improve our website to deliver a better and more personalised service. They enable us to estimate our audience size and usage pattern, store information about your preferences and so allow us to customise our website according to your individual interests, speed up your searches and recognise you when you return to our website.
Your web browser can be configured to; prevent acceptance of new cookies, notify you when you receive a new cookie and disable cookies altogether. If you leave cookies turned on, be sure to sign-out when you finish when using a shared computer.
You can always choose not to provide information and not to accept cookies, even though it might be needed to make a purchase from our website or to take advantage of certain website features.
As is true of most websites, we gather certain information automatically and store it in log files. This information includes Internet protocol (IP) addresses, browser type and version, Internet Service Provider (ISP), referring/exiting pages, operating system, date/time stamp and clickstream data.
We use this information, which does not track or identify individual Users, to analyse trends, administer the website, track User’s movements around the website and to gather demographic information about our website visitors. Origin Live will not use the information collected in this way to market directly to a User.
In some of our email messages we use “click-through URLs” linked to content on our website. When a User clicks one of these URLs, information is passed to our servers and stored in log files. We track this click-through data to help us determine interest in particular topics and measure the effectiveness of communications with our Audiences.
Right of consent withdrawal
You may withdraw your consent for collecting your personal information at any time. To do so, please contact us at originlive@originlive.com.
Change or review of information
If you would like to review, change or delete personal data we have collected from you or you had submitted or permanently delete your account, please contact us.
For more information regarding the termination or deletion of your information, please refer to: Termination.
Accessing and correcting your personal information
We take reasonable steps to accurately record the personal information that you provide to us, as well as any subsequent updates.
We encourage you to review, update, and correct the personal information that we maintain about you. You may request that we delete personal data about you that is inaccurate, incomplete, irrelevant for legitimate purposes, or is being processed in a way which infringes any applicable legal requirements.
Security: how we protect your information?
We have implemented appropriate measures in the form of various technical, physical and other means, including, but not limited to measures regarding the security of our electronic systems and databases, locks, racks, cases and other devices and access controlling systems, fire-notifying and fire extinguishing systems. These means aim at improving the integrity and security of the personal information that we collect and maintain. However, please be advised that even the best security measures cannot guarantee the full elimination of all risks. If we learn of any violation, breach or danger to our security systems breach, then we will attempt to notify you electronically so that timely and appropriate protective steps can be taken. Apart from informing you via email, we may post a notice through the website if a security breach occurs.
Your personal data safety is of utmost importance to us. We review and strive to improve our security measures on a regular basis.
If we detect a breach of our security measures, which has the potential of harming you as individual we will notify you without undue delay.
Controlling your personal data
Other Users may be able to identify you, or associate you with your account, if you include your personal information in any content you post or make publicly available.
You may control and restrict the personal data you share with us by visiting the Settings section of your User Account.
If you have any questions regarding the ways you can control your personal data, please contact us at originlive@originlive.com.
Termination
As mentioned, you may at any time review or change the personal information we maintain about you by contacting Origin Live. Upon your request, we will delete your contact information and personal data from our active databases.
This Privacy Policy is effective until terminated by either party. If you no longer agree to be bound by this Privacy Policy, you must cease the use of the Origin Live website. If you are dissatisfied with Origin Live, its’ content, or any of these terms, conditions, and policies, your sole legal remedy is to discontinue using the website. Origin Live reserves the right to terminate or suspend your access to and use of the website, or parts of them, without notice, if we believe, in our sole discretion that such use is in violation of any applicable law, or harmful to our interests or the interests of another person or entity, or where Origin Live has reasons to believe that their use is in violation of this Privacy Policy or the Terms of Use.
Children’s Privacy
Origin Live does not knowingly collect personal information from children under the age of 13. If we learn that we have personal information on a child under the age of 13, we will delete that information from our servers. Origin Live encourages parents to go online with their children.
Changes to this Policy
Origin Live reserves the rights to change this Privacy Policy at any time. Please check this page periodically for changes. Your use of the services after any such amendment or change in the Privacy Policy shall be deemed as your express acceptance to such amended/changed Privacy Policy and an assent to be bound by such changed/amended Privacy Policy. Information collected prior to the time any change is posted will be used according to the rules and laws that applied at the time the information was collected.
Governing Law
This Privacy Policy and the use of the website are governed by the laws of United Kingdom. The parties undertake to first try to resolve the dispute with by negotiation. If the parties fail to reach an amicable resolution through negotiation, Origin Live agrees to submit the dispute to the competent Court of United Kingdom.
Copyright
The copyright of our website is the property of Origin Live.
Texts, graphics, photographs, animations, videos and clips, visible on the website are protected by copyright and are part of the intellectual property of Origin Live or our Partners. Those may not be reproduced, used, presented or represented without an explicit written permission by Origin Live. Any distribution of files, obtained by the Users under the Terms and Conditions of the website, or of parts of such files, constitutes a violation of the relevant intellectual property protection laws and is prosecuted by the law.
Nothing contained on this website may be interpreted as granting a license or right of use as a trademark without the prior explicit written consent of Origin Live.
Miscellaneous
Origin Live is controlled, operated and administered entirely within United Kingdom.
If you are accessing the Origin Live website from another jurisdiction, please be advised that you are transferring your personal information to Origin Live in United Kingdom and, by using the website, you consent to that transfer and to abide by the applicable laws concerning your use of the website and your agreements with us.
This statement and the policies outlined in this Privacy Policy are not intended to and do not create any contractual or other legal rights in or on behalf of any third party.
Origin Live may provide a translation of the English version of the Privacy Policy into other languages. You understand and agree that any translation of the Privacy Policy into other languages is only for your convenience and that the English version shall govern your rights and responsibilities. In case there are any inconsistencies between the English version of the Privacy Policy and its translated versions, the English version of the Terms shall prevail.
Contact
If you believe Origin Live does not adhere to this Privacy Policy, in order to address a question, to resolve a complaint regarding the website or the Origin Live Services, or to receive further information regarding the Services, please contact Origin Live via email at originlive@originlive.com.
This site uses cookies. Find out more.OK, thank you
Go to Top