https://www.herborium.com/articles/privacy.htm
https://www.herborium.com/
Herborium Group, Inc. (HBRM)
Contact Us: Customerserice@Herborium.com
The Healing Power of Botanical Therapeutics®
Home
About Us
News & Events
Products
Investor Relations
Affiliates/Distributors
Home
» Herborium Privacy Policy
Herborium Privacy Policy
Herborium
has created this privacy statement in order to demonstrate our firm commitment
to privacy. The following discloses our information gathering and dissemination
practices for this website: Herborium.com and AcnEase.com.
Any Affiliate
information submitted through this web site will remain confidential and subject
to the Affiliate Agreement.
Any information collected about our customers
will be securely protected in our records for the purpose of providing a better
service to you. Never in any circumstance the information will be released or
sold to any 3rd party or partners.
We use your IP address to help diagnose
problems with our server, and to gather broad demographic information.
Opt-Out/Update
This site provides users the opportunity to opt-out of
receiving communications from us. This site gives users the options for changing
and modifying information previously provided.
E-mail Us: CustomerService@Herborium.com
/ Call: 1 888 314 SKIN
Contacting Herborium
If you have
any questions about this privacy statement, the practices of this site, or your
dealings with Herborium.com, you can contact:
Herborium
3
Oak Street
Teaneck, New Jersey, 07666, USA
Phone:
201.836.5550
Fax: 908.964.4275
E-mail: CustomerService@Herborium.com
News & Events view all »
02-28-2017
Herborium® Signature Product AcnEase® Featured In Cosmopolitan Magazine as Top Innovative Acne Care Product
12-01-2016
Herborium® Flagship Product AcnEase® Featured in National Beauty Expert
Holiday Beauty Gift Guide
12-11-2014
Herborium Expends Its HUT Group Partnership to Reach £500,000 ($785,000.00) Sales in Europe.
Investors News Sign Up
Contact Herborium Group, Inc.
Phone: 1.201.849.4431
E-mail: InvestorsRelations@Herborium.com
© 2012-2020   All Rights Reserved,
Herborium Group, Inc.
Powered by Adrecom CMS suite
Home  |
News & Events  |
Terms  |
Privacy  |
Contact Us  |
Links  |
Site Map
Information provided on Herborium.com about medical conditions, symptoms, and related products is not intended to be a substitute for professional medical advice. Visitors to this site should not use this information to diagnose or treat a health problem, symptom, concern or disease without consulting with their individual qualified healthcare provider. Statements contained on this website have not been evaluated by the FDA. Herborium products are not intended to diagnose, heal, cure or prevent disease.