https://www.championtrailers.com/terms-and-conditions/
Search
FREE Shipping on orders over $150!
Free Catalog Download
Categories
Axles and Axle Hardware
All Axles and Axle Hardware
Light Duty Boat Trailer Axles
Axles - Galvanized 2500 lbs
Axles - Galvanized 3500 lb
Axles - Galvanized 6000 lb
Axles - Galvanized Torsion
Axles - Painted Utility
Trailer Axle Accessories
Bunk Brackets, Boards, & Hardware
All Bunk Brackets, Boards, & Hardware
Brackets
Bunk Boards
Hardware
Bunk Board Carpet
Hubs, Bearings & Seals
All Hubs, Bearings & Seals
Trailer Hubs
Bearing Kits
Bearings, Races & Seals
Fasteners & Hardware
All Fasteners & Hardware
U-Bolts
Bolts
All Bolts
Galvanized Bolts
Stainless Steel
Zinc Grade 5
Zinc Grade 8
Leaf Springs & Accessories
All Leaf Springs & Accessories
Double Eye Trailer Springs
C-Hook Trailer Springs
Slipper Trailer Springs
Equalizers
Shackle Links
Spring Bolts
Spring Bushings
Spring Hangers
Undercarriage Sliders
Axle Ubolt Tieplate Kits
Trailers For Sale
All Trailers For Sale
Boat Trailers - Aluminum
Utility Trailers
Trailer Brake Line & Accessories
All Trailer Brake Line & Accessories
Brake Line & Accessories
Brake Line Tubing Kits
Solenoids
Trailer Brakes
All Trailer Brakes
Electric Brakes
Trailer Brake Couplers
All Trailer Brake Couplers
Brake Couplers (2'' Ball) 6,000# GVWR
10,000# GVWR Brake Couplers
(2 5/16'' Ball)
20,000# GVWR Brake Couplers
(2 5/16'' Ball)
Trailer Brake Coupler Parts
All Trailer Brake Coupler Parts
ATWOOD Brake Coupler Parts
DEMCO Brake Coupler Parts
TIE DOWN Brake Coupler Parts
TITAN Brake Coupler Parts
UFP Brake Coupler Parts
Trailer Brakes - DEEMAXX
Trailer Brakes - Drum
Trailer Brakes - KODIAK
Trailer Brakes - TIE DOWN
Trailer Fenders
Trailer Hitches
Trailer Hubs
All Trailer Hubs
Trailer Hubs - Galvanized
Trailer Hubs - Painted
Trailer Hub Drums
Trailer Jacks
Trailer Kits
All Trailer Kits
Single Axle Trailer Kit
Tandem Axle Trailer Kit
Trailer Lights & Wiring
All Trailer Lights & Wiring
Light Accessories
Light Kits
Plugs
Side Markers
Tail Lights
Wiring
Wiring Accessories
Trailer Rollers & Accessories
All Trailer Rollers & Accessories
Bow Rollers
Roller Brackets
Roller Pins
Rollers
Trailer Bow Blocks
All Trailer Parts
All All Trailer Parts
Axles
Trailer Bearings
Trailer Grease Seals
Trailer Bearing Kits
Trailer Couplers
All Trailer Couplers
Straight Couplers
A-Frame Coupler
Trailer Hub Accessories
All Trailer Hub Accessories
Bearing Protectors
Dust Caps
Spindle Seals
Trailer Lug Nuts & Lug Bolts
Trailer Races
Trailer Spindles
Trailer U-Bolts
All Trailer U-Bolts
Half " Diameter Ubolts
Seven-Sixteenth " Diameter Stainless Steel Ubolts
Three-Eighths " Diameter Galvanized Ubolts
Trailer Tires & Rims
All Trailer Tires & Rims
Spare Tire Carriers
Trailer Tires & Rim Combos
Boat Trailer Parts
All Boat Trailer Parts
Axles
Boat Trailer Jacks
KODIAK Trailer Brakes
Trailer Guide Ons
Utility Trailer Parts
All Utility Trailer Parts
Axles, Utility
Couplers & Jacks
Hubs & Drums
Brakes
Trailer Winch Post Kits
All Trailer Winch Post Kits
Trailer Winch Post Accessories
Trailer Winches
Trailer Locks
Trailer Straps
Boating & Marine
Clearance Trailer Parts
Chemicals
Structural Metals
3500-lb Trailer Parts
All 3500-lb Trailer Parts
3500lb Hubs & Bearings
3500lb Springs & Accessories
Air-Tight Products
Popular Brands
Champion Trailers
Rockwell American
Tie Down Engineering
Wesbar
Titan Dico
TRP
Deemaxx
Ram
Kodiak Brakes
Fulton
View All
Recent Posts
There’s no reason not to keep your boat on a trailer during the summer, when you’re heading to nearb
…
read more
11th Nov 2019 J. Finley
What’s All the Hubbub with My Trailer Hub?Posted by: Jessica Finley | January 28, 2016In order to sa
…
read more
24th Jul 2018 Jessica Finley
Get the right trailer hub for your trailerPosted by: Jessica Finley | October 27, 2017Company Update
…
read more
24th Jul 2018 Jessica Finley
ChampionTrailers/
Home
About Us
Terms and Conditions
Terms and Conditions
Please read Champion Trailers (Champion Trailer Parts and Repair LLC) Terms and Conditions before using our website (www.championtrailers.com).
By accessing or using the Service from Champion Trailers, you agree to be bound by these Terms and Conditions. Please note that if you disagree with any part of the Champion Trailers (Champion Trailer Parts and Repair LLC) Terms and Conditions, then you DO NOT have permission to access our website or our services.
Payments and Collected Information
Champion Trailers (Champion Trailer Parts and Repair LLC) may employ the use of third party services for the purpose of completing payments or completion of purchases. By submitting the information to Champion Trailers, you grant us the right to provide information you supplied to those third parties subject to our Privacy Policy.
Champion Trailers’ (Champion Trailer Parts and Repair LLC) reserves the right to refuse or cancel you order at any time for reasons including, but not limited to: availability or products/services, errors in your order, errors in product/service descriptions or price, or other reasons.
Consumers wishing to purchase product from Champion Trailers (Champion Trailer Parts and Repair LLC) may be asked to supply certain information relevant to your purchase/order which could include credit card number, expiration date of credit card, billing address, shipping information, email address, phone number, and any other information required to complete your order. Champion Trailers (Champion Trailer Parts and Repair LLC) requires this information in order to protect our customers from fraud and to following the PCI compliance rules and regulations.
You will be required to confirm that you have the legal right to use any credit cards or other payment methods; and the information you supply to Champion Trailers (Champion Trailer Parts and Repair LLC) is true, correct, and complete.
Champion Trailers (Champion Trailer Parts and Repair LLC) reserves the right to refuse or cancel your order if fraud, unauthorized use, or an illegal transaction is suspected.
Sales Tax
Champion Trailers (Champion Trailer Parts and Repair LLC) will only collect sales tax for orders that have a billing address located in the state of Louisiana or when product is picked up in our Slidell store.
International Shipping
Champion Trailers (Champion Trailer Parts and Repair LLC) is not responsible for duties, taxes, or other fees that would occur with international shipments. Each international order that is placed with Champion Trailers (Champion Trailer Parts and Repair LLC) will only be responsible for the retail cost of the product being ordered and the associated shipping cost (excludes duties, taxes, and fees). International Orders May Be Placed Online. A Sales Representative will contact you on the correct shipping charges.
Orders – Availability, Errors, and Issues
Champion Trailers (Champion Trailer Parts and Repair LLC) strives to keep our products and services updated on our site. This includes images, pricing, descriptions, specifications, inventory amounts, and order updates. There are times where delays may occur in updating any of this information. We (Champion) therefore reserves the right to update, change, and/or correct any errors, inaccuracies or omissions at any time.
Accounts- Retail and Wholesale
When an account is created with Champion Trailers (Champion Trailer Parts and Repair LLC), you guarantee that you are over the age of 18. You also guarantee that the information you provide to Champion Trailers (Champion Trailer Parts and Repair LLC) is accurate, complete, current, and true at all times. If at any time the information that is provided is considered to be incorrect or false, Champion (Champion Trailer Parts and Repair LLC) will terminate your account.
Please note that you are responsible for maintaining your account information as well as the confidentiality of your account. This means that you agree to accept any responsibility for any and all actions/activities that could occur under your account.
Champion Trailers (Champion Trailer Parts and Repair LLC) reserves the right to refuse service, remove content, cancel order or account based on our sole discretion.
If you have a wholesale account with Champion Trailers (Champion Trailer Parts and Repair LLC) you must maintain and follow the terms and conditions listed in the Commercial Dealer Application you completed. Failure to follow the terms and guidelines could result in the termination of your wholesale account.
Liability
Champion Trailers (Champion Trailer Parts and Repair LLC) and any of its members, employees, suppliers, or directors will not be held liable for any damages (indirect, special, incidental, punitive, etc) resulting from products and/or services purchased from Champion.
Champion Trailers and any of its members, employees, suppliers, or directors will not be held liable for any damages (indirect, special, incidental, punitive, etc) resulting from products, information, and/or services provided to you through content on the website (www.championtrailers.com), employees, blog posts, catalogs, links from and to other sites, and other third parties.
You agree to hold harmless Champion Trailers (Champion Trailer Parts and Repair LLC) and any of its members, agents, and employees against any and all claims, damages, debt, expenses, and liability that could result from a breach of the Terms and Conditions listed or by the use of you or any person using your account and password to access or use Champion Trailers (Champion Trailer Parts and Repair LLC) services.
Champion Trailers (Champion Trailer Parts and Repair LLC) has no control over other third party services or sites as we are not responsible for the content or privacy policies of those third party services, sites, and content. Therefore, Champion Trailers (Champion Trailer Parts and Repair LLC) cannot and will not be held liable for any damages, or loss in connection with any such products, services, and content from those third party sites or services.
*The use of our services is at your sole discretion and risk. Champion Trailers (Champion Trailer Parts and Repair LLC) services and products is provided on an “AS IS” basis.
Warranty
Warranties on products purchased from Champion Trailers (Champion Trailer Parts and Repair LLC) that are not manufactured by Champion Trailers (Champion Trailer Parts and Repair LLC) will need to go directly through the manufacture. Champion Trailers (Champion Trailer Parts and Repair LLC) will only warranty product or services that we are directly responsible for producing.
Trademark and Copyright
The website (www.championtrailers.com), other websites belonging to Champion Trailers (Champion Trailer Parts and Repair LLC), content, images, descriptions, name, articles, technical diagrams and drawings are and will remain the exclusive property of Champion Trailers (Champion Trailer Parts and Repair LLC) and its members. The name, products, services, content, images, drawings, articles, and diagrams are protected by copyright, trademarks, and other laws of the United States and Louisiana. Our trademarked and copyrighted items may not be used in connection with any product, service, article, post, etc. without prior written consent of Champion Trailers (Champion Trailer Parts and Repair LLC). If Champion Trailers (Champion Trailer Parts and Repair LLC) finds instances of trademark and copyright infringement then we will contact the party responsible for the infringement, and notify them so adjustments or changes can be made.
Privacy Policy
At ChampionTrailers.com, we are committed to protecting your privacy. We use the information we collect about you to process orders and to service the needs of your account.
What information do we collect? How do we use it?
When you order, we need to know your name, phone number, e-mail address, mailing address, shipping address, credit card number, and expiration date. This allows us to process and fulfill your order and to notify you of your order status.
What about "cookies"?
"Cookies" are small pieces of information that are stored by your browser on your computer's hard drive. Our cookies do not contain any personally identifying information, but they do help us enhance your shopping experience. Most Web browsers automatically accept cookies, but you can usually change your browser to prevent that.
Will ChampionTrailers.com disclose the information it collects to outside parties?
ChampionTrailers.com does not share, sell, trade, or rent your personal or sales account information to others. ChampionTrailers.com may release account information when we believe, in good faith, that such release is reasonably necessary to (i) comply with law, (ii) enforce or apply the terms of any of our user agreements or (iii) protect the rights, property or safety of ChampionTrailers.com, our users, or others. ChampionTrailers.com also employs other companies to perform functions such as delivering packages, sending post mail, and processing credit card payments. They have access to personal information needed to perform their functions, but may not use it for other purposes.
Your consent
By using our Web site, you consent to the collection and use of this information by ChampionTrailers.com. If we decide to change our privacy policy, we will post those changes on this page so that you are always aware of what information we collect, how we use it, and under what circumstances we disclose it.
OK
Welcome to Champion Trailer Parts and RepairChampion Trailers® is the one stop trailer shop for all your trailer parts needs and we are here to help keep your trailer rolling! Champion Trailers provides parts, service, and new trailer sales our local customers in Southeast Louisiana (Slidell, Covington, Mandeville, New Orleans) and the entire Mississippi Gulf Coast.Champion Trailers carries parts for many different brands of trailers such as Loadmaster, Starline, Magic Tilt, Magic Trail, EZ Loader, Champion, Ranger, Tracker, Venture, Float On, Big Tex, Carry On, Amera Trail, Dilly, PJ Trailers, Shoreline, and many more!Champion Trailers is the leader in Southeast Louisiana and the Mississippi Gulf Coast for boat or utility trailer repair. Champion Trailers can provide yearly maintenance, modifications, and repair on most boat and utility trailers such as brake install, bunk support install, axle and suspensions, lights, electric brakes, and much more! A FREE repair estimate is part of our customer service and our goal of keeping YOUR trailer rolling..