http://www.armynavystores.co.uk/terms-conditions-i7
X
This site uses cookies to provide and improve your shopping experience.
If you want to benefit from this improved service, please opt-in.
More Info
I opt-in to a better browsing experience
Accept Cookies
4.5 STAR RATING ON GOOGLE
FREE NEXT DAY DELIVERY ON ORDERS OVER £75
SAME DAY DISPATCH ON ORDERS BEFORE 2PM
Home
Terms & Conditions
Terms & ConditionsDEFINITIONS"Buyer" means the individual or organisation who buys or agrees to buy the Goods from the Seller; "Consumer" shall have the meaning ascribed in section 12 of the Unfair Contract Terms Act 1977; "Contract" means the contract between the Seller and the Buyer for the sale and purchase of Goods incorporating these Terms and Conditions; "Goods" means the articles that the Buyer agrees to buy from the Seller; "Seller" means Westcliff Army & Navy Stores, 297 London Road, Westcliff-on-Sea, Essex, SS0 7BX and that owns and operates www.armynavystores.co.uk "Terms and Conditions" means the terms and conditions of sale set out in this agreement and any special terms and conditions agreed in writing by the Seller; "Website" means www.armynavystores.co.ukCONDITIONSNothing in these Terms and Conditions shall affect the Buyer’s statutory rights as a Consumer. These Terms and Conditions shall apply to all contracts for the sale of Goods by the Seller to the Buyer and shall prevail over any other documentation or communication from the Buyer. Any variation to these Terms and Conditions (including any special terms and conditions agreed between the parties) shall be inapplicable unless agreed in writing by the Seller. Any complaints should be addressed to the Seller's address stated in clause 1.5. The delivery period stated within which you will receive your order is approximate. Goods will be sent to the address given by you in your order. If you are ordering more than one item, your goods may be sent to you in instalments if certain items are out of stock.Payment Army & Navy Stores UK accept Pay Pal and most major credit/debit cards: All credit and debit cardholders are subject to validation checks and authorisation by the card issuer. If the issuer of your payment card refuses to authorise payment to us, we will not be liable for any delay or non-delivery. Cancelling an Order If you haven’t submitted an order, you may clear the items in your shopping basket at any time prior by clicking the ‘Remove’ button next to the product ordered in your shopping basket. If you have submitted your order and received your confirmation email from Army & Navy Stores UK you can still cancel provided that it has not yet entered the dispatch process.Please reply to the email and mark it ‘URGENT CANCELLATION’in the subject heading. Please ensure you list your name, invoice address post code, product ordered and order number on the email. Privacy We will never ask for personal details via email. If you receive an unsolicited email asking you for your boden.co.uk log in details, please contact our Customer Service team immediately. For more information, please refer to our Privacy policy. Liability We do not accept liability (except as set out below) for any errors and omissions and reserve the right to change information, prices, specifications and descriptions of listed goods, products and services. In the unlikely event that you receive goods which were not what you ordered or which are damaged or defective, or are of a different quantity to that stated on your order form, we shall make good any shortage or non-delivery, replace or repair any damaged or defective goods, or refund to you the amount you paid for the goods in question provided that you notify us of the problem in writing at the address stated in our contact us page within 10 working days of delivery of the goods plus return the goods to us, if we request you to. This does not affect your statutory rights. We have taken every measure to provide accurate product images for each product for sale on the site. However, due to a number of mitigating factors such as Internet browsers, monitor colour contrasts etc; we cannot be held responsible or liable for any colour discrepancies between the image and the actual product.Please note we are unable to guarantee next day delivery on any order. If an order is delayed due to adverse weather conditions postage is non-refundable due to nature.The products sold on Army & Navy Stores UK are provided for private domestic, business and consumer use only. Accordingly, we do not accept liability for any indirect loss, consequential loss, loss of data, loss of income or profit, loss of damage to property and/or loss from claims of third parties arising out of the use of the Site or for any products or services purchased from Army & Navy Stores UK. To the fullest extent permissible under applicable law, we disclaim any and all warranties of any kind, whether express or implied, in relation to the Products. This does not affect your statutory rights as a consumer, nor does it affect your Contract Cancellation Rights. We cannot be held responsible for material displayed on third party websites or any other written material. We cannot vouch for the reliability of prices stated on shopping directories or through any other third party.
x
Join
To see how we process your data view our Privacy Policy By signing up to our newsletter you agree to Army & Navy Stores UK using your personal data in accordance with our Privacy Policy. You can unsubscribe at any time
Top