https://www.thesoccerstore.co.uk/terms-and-conditions
Football Equipment
Go
Buy online or call 01270 257892 Open Mon-Fri 9-5
My Basket (0) items £0.00
Checkout
Account
Log In
Football Goals
Shop all Football Goals
Shop By Type
Garden
Professional
Samba Goals
Pop up
Goals On Wheels
Goals for Kids
Aluminium
Steel
Samba Rugby Goals
Goal Accessories
View All Goals
Shop by Size
Best For Home
5 x 4 ft
6 x 4 ft
8 x 4 ft
8 x 6 ft
12 x 6 ft
Suitable For Training
12 x 4 ft
16 x 7 ft
21 x 7 ft (Junior Goals)
24 x 8 ft (Full Size)
3 x 2m (Futsal Goals)
By Game Size
5 a Side
7 a Side
9 a Side
11 a Side
Shop By Brand
|
Equipment
Training Equipment
Training Bibs
Cones
Mannequins
Rebounder Nets
Passing Arcs
Tennis Nets
Equipment Bags
Running Parachutes
Speed & Agility
View All Training Equipment
Matchday Equipment
Referees
Whistles
Cards & Wallets
Substitute Boards
Stopwatches
Linesman Flags
Pitchside Gear
Pitch Barriers
Corner Flags
Line Marking
Team Shelters
Subs Benches
First Aid
Ice Packs
Freeze Sprays
Hot Packs
Zinc Oxide Tapes
Plasters
Gloves
Kits
Koolpak Ice Bags
Coaching Equipment
Folders
Tactic Boards
Tactical Clipboards
Planners
Notepads
Coaches Bags
|
Nets
Shop all Nets
Shop By Net Type
Flat Run Back
Continental
International
Shop Replacement Samba Nets
Box Nets
Target Nets
Garden Nets
Shop By Size
24 x 8ft (Full Size)
21 x 7ft (Junior Size)
12 x 6ft (Mini Size)
16 x 7ft (9-a-Side)
12 x 4ft (5-a-Side)
16 x 4ft
3 x 2m
8 x 6ft
8 x 4ft
6 x 4ft
5 x 4ft
Shop By Colour
White
Blue White
Red White
Green White
Balck White
Shop By Accessories
Net Carry Bags
Pegs
Ties
Clips
|
Footballs
Shop all Footballs
Shop By Type
Training
Match
Indoor
Futsal
Football Bags
Football Pumps
View All Footballs
Shop By Size
Size 1 (Mini)
Size 2 (Midi)
Size 3 (Age 6-9)
Size 4 (Age 9-14)
Size 5 (Age 15+)
View All Football Sizes
Shop Brands
Shop By Colour
White Footballs
Blue Footballs
Red Footballs
Yellow Footballs
Pink Footballs
Orange Footballs
|
Players
Shop all Players
Water Bottles
Goalkeepers
Captains Armbands
Kit Bags
Sock Tapes
Shin Pads
Free delivery on orders over £100*
COVID 19 We're still open and despatching orders
365 Days Return Policy
Home
/
Terms & Conditions
Terms and Conditions
Payment
All prices shown on our website include VAT.
Payment is either by Credit Card, Paypal, Cheque or School Purchase Order. Payment terms are strictly 28 days from date of invoice.
Delivery
Delivery in the majority of cases is by our nominated couriers. The estimated delivery for normal stock items is 1 to 2 working days to UK Mainland. For other items the estimated delivery time is: Football Kits: 5 - 7 working Days Steel and Aluminium Football Goals: 10 to 20 working days
Delivery to Northern Ireland, Republic of Ireland, Isle of Wight,  Isle of Man and Scottish Postcodes AB, IV, KW, PA, PH, HS, KA, ZE will be between 2 and 4 working days. Delays may at times be unavoidable due to availability of stock, adverse weather conditions, or other circumstances out of our control. Parcel delivery is during the day 8:00am - 6pm Monday - Friday. A signature required upon receipt unless instructions are left to state otherwise. An alternative delivery address can be added at the time of order. Unfortunately we are not able to deliver to the Channel Islands or BFPO addresses.
For any problems with delivery contact sales@thesoccerstore.co.uk
Delivery costs
For standard orders up to the value of £100 the cost of delivery to the UK mainland will be £4.95. For orders over £100 to UK mainland delivery will be free of charge except for the following exceptions.Exceptions apply to the following areas: Northern Ireland, Republic of Ireland, Isles of Scilly, Isle of Man and Scottish Postcodes FK17-28, G83, IV1-28, IV33-39, KW1-3, KW5-14, PA21-33, PA35-40, PH18-26,PH30-42, HS1-9, IV40-51, IV55-56, KA27, KA28, KW15-17, PA20, PA34, PA41-48, PA60-78PH42-44, ZE1-3 The charges for these areas are as follows: Scottish Postcodes as shown above £9.95 - 2 Day Service Northern Ireland £9.95 - 2 Day ServiceIsles of Scilly (TR21-25)  £9.95 - 2 Day Service Isle of Man £9.95 - 2 Day Service Republic of Ireland £15.00 - 2 Day Service
There may be additional delivery charges for Mark Harrod Steel and Aluminium goals shipping Scotland and outside of UK Mainland. Please contact us for a shipping quote.
Free Delivery
Free delivery is given for all orders over £100 to UK Mainland postal addresses. Exceptions apply to Northern Ireland, Republic of Ireland, Isle of Man, Isles of Scilly and the following Scottish postcodes : FK17-28, G83, IV1-28, IV33-39, KW1-3, KW5-14, PA21-33, PA35-40, PH18-26,PH30-42, HS1-9, IV40-51, IV55-56, KA27, KA28, KW15-17, PA20, PA34, PA41-48, PA60-78PH42-44, ZE1-3 The charges for these areas are as follows: Scottish Postcodes as shown above £9.95 - 2 Day ServiceNorthern Ireland £9.95 - 2 Day ServiceIsles of Scilly (TR21-25)  £9.95 - 2 Day Service Isle of Man £9.95 - 2 Day Service Republic of Ireland £15.00 - 2 Day Service There may be additional delivery charges for Mark Harrod Steel and Aluminium goals shipping Scotland and outside of UK Mainland. Please contact us for a shipping quote.
Returns
The Soccer Store operates a 365 day return policy.This gives you the confidence to purchase a product with the confidence that you can return the product up to 1 full year after the purchase date.All we ask is that the product is returned in its original packaging with labels attached, where appropriate and that the product is returned in the same new condition as it was received. The returned product must be fit for resale as a new item as you yourself would expect to receive it.The product can be returned by the customer or a collection can be arranged by The Soccer Store (There may be charges for collection and delivery of such items.)Please note that this does not apply to printed kit items.Please contact us at sales@thesoccerstore.co.uk
Shortages or Damages
i) When the carrier delivers your order please count the packs you receive & inspect for any damage.ii) It will be noted on the carrier's delivery note, the number of packs you should receive. If the number of packs you receive does not exactly match the number of packs on the carrier's delivery note, please note the number of packs you received on the delivery note by your signature.iii) Damage to the Goods & packaging must be noted on the delivery note next to your signature. iv) Please check the contents of the packages upon receipt. Any shortages or damages within the packages must be reported to The Soccer Store immediately.
Goalpost Returns
Samba Football GoalsThe football goals sold by The Soccer Store come complete with a 12 month guarantee for any faulty parts. Should the goal need to be returned through no fault of The Soccer Store, a £20 return fee per goal will be charged, which covers collection and return charges. Any football goals that are returned in an unfit state will result in a refund being declined.
MH Steel and Aluminium Football GoalsThe charges for returning MH Steel and Aluminium football goals are as follows:The cost of the original delivery will be charged back to the customer.A restock charge of 20%, of net value of the goal posts will be charged to the customer.A return carriage will be charged for transportation back to the manufacturers.Please contact us for a cost to return MH Steel and Aluminium goal posts.
Football Kit ReturnsAll kit orders should be ordered online or confirmed by email to ensure the brand, style, colour, size and personalization are all correct. Orders placed by telephone and not confirmed as above will be entirely at the customers risk. We take care to complete the order to the customers specification but are unable to take responsibility for non-confirmed incorrect orders. Items with personalization (numbers, names and sponsors logos) are non-returnable. We are not able to recommend sizes for garments even where some manufacturers state recommended ages/sizes. This is the sole responsibility of the purchaser and they do so at their own risk.
The Soccer Store are not able to accept any cost incurred in exchanging products.
Credit Card Security
Transaction security for The Soccer Store is provided by a third party, Sage Pay. Sage Pay provide very high levels of internet and physical security to ensure sensitive information is never compromised. Credit/debit card details are secured within 128-bit encrypted sessions. Sensitive information is stored on a heavily encrypted database that is protected by multiple government approved firewalls. Transactions made on Credit Cards will show up on your statement as ‘Premier Leisure Stores Ltd’
Privacy Policy
Data Controller and Owner
Types of Data collected
The owner does not provide a list of Personal Data types collected.
Other Personal Data collected may be described in other sections of this privacy policy or by dedicated explanation text contextually with the Data collection.The Personal Data may be freely provided by the User, or collected automatically when using this Application.Any use of Cookies - or of other tracking tools - by this Application or by the owners of third party services used by this Application, unless stated otherwise, serves to identify Users and remember their preferences, for the sole purpose of providing the service required by the User.Failure to provide certain Personal Data may make it impossible for this Application to provide its services.
Users are responsible for any Personal Data of third parties obtained, published or shared through this Application and confirm that they have the third party's consent to provide the Data to the Owner.
Mode and place of processing the Data
Methods of processing
The Data Controller processes the Data of Users in a proper manner and shall take appropriate security measures to prevent unauthorized access, disclosure, modification, or unauthorized destruction of the Data.The Data processing is carried out using computers and/or IT enabled tools, following organizational procedures and modes strictly related to the purposes indicated. In addition to the Data Controller, in some cases, the Data may be accessible to certain types of persons in charge, involved with the operation of the site (administration, sales, marketing, legal, system administration) or external parties (such as third party technical service providers, mail carriers, hosting providers, IT companies, communications agencies) appointed, if necessary, as Data Processors by the Owner. The updated list of these parties may be requested from the Data Controller at any time.
Place
The Data is processed at the Data Controller's operating offices and in any other places where the parties involved with the processing are located. For further information, please contact the Data Controller.
Retention time
The Data is kept for the time necessary to provide the service requested by the User, or stated by the purposes outlined in this document, and the User can always request that the Data Controller suspend or remove the data.
Additional information about Data collection and processing
Legal action
The User's Personal Data may be used for legal purposes by the Data Controller, in Court or in the stages leading to possible legal action arising from improper use of this Application or the related services.The User declares to be aware that the Data Controller may be required to reveal personal data upon request of public authorities.
Additional information about User's Personal Data
In addition to the information contained in this privacy policy, this Application may provide the User with additional and contextual information concerning particular services or the collection and processing of Personal Data upon request.
System Logs and Maintenance
For operation and maintenance purposes, this Application and any third party services may collect files that record interaction with this Application (System Logs) or use for this purpose other Personal Data (such as IP Address).
Information not contained in this policy
More details concerning the collection or processing of Personal Data may be requested from the Data Controller at any time. Please see the contact information at the beginning of this document.
The rights of Users
Users have the right, at any time, to know whether their Personal Data has been stored and can consult the Data Controller to learn about their contents and origin, to verify their accuracy or to ask for them to be supplemented, cancelled, updated or corrected, or for their transformation into anonymous format or to block any data held in violation of the law, as well as to oppose their treatment for any and all legitimate reasons. Requests should be sent to the Data Controller at the contact information set out above.
This Application does not support “Do Not Track” requests.To determine whether any of the third party services it uses honor the “Do Not Track” requests, please read their privacy policies.
Changes to this privacy policy
The Data Controller reserves the right to make changes to this privacy policy at any time by giving notice to its Users on this page. It is strongly recommended to check this page often, referring to the date of the last modification listed at the bottom. If a User objects to any of the changes to the Policy, the User must cease using this Application and can request that the Data Controller removes the Personal Data. Unless stated otherwise, the then-current privacy policy applies to all Personal Data the Data Controller has about Users.
Information about this privacy policy
The Data Controller is responsible for this privacy policy, prepared starting from the modules provided by Iubenda and hosted on Iubenda's servers.
Disclaimer
The Soccer Store provide this site and its contents 'as is' and, to the fullest extent permissible by law, make no warranty or representation of any kind, expressed or implied, including those of merchantibility and fitness for purpose or arising from a course of dealing, usage or trade practice. The Soccer Store have made all reasonable efforts to ensure the information on this web site is accurate, complete and current at the time of its inclusion, however they accept no liability for any inaccuracies or omissions in the web site and The Soccer Store reserve the right to make changes to prices and information at any time without prior notice.
Contact Us
For enquiries about products on sale or sales transactions please contact us at: sales@thesoccerstore.co.ukTel 01270 257892
My Basket
Continue Shopping
You have no items in your shopping basket.
Continue Shopping
The Soccer blog
Receive our newsletter
Get our latest offers and promotions delivered direct to your inbox
Go
Our latest facebook post
Please visit our facebook page to see our latest news
on January 1 | Follow us on Facebook
Need help?
About Us
My Account
Orders & Returns
Sitemap
*Terms & Conditions
Privacy Policy
Contact Us
Cheque Orders
SCHOOL ORDERS
Our address
The Soccer StoreUnit A6 First Business ParkFirst AvenueCreweCheshireCW1 6BG.Tel: 01270 257892Fax: 01270 258957
Get in touch 01270 257892 Interact with us
Facebook Google+
Twitter Email us
Secure & Safe Shopping
The Soccer Store
4.9 out of 5
based on 4421 reviews
from eKomi
© 2020 THE SOCCER STORE. ALL RIGHTS RESERVED. VAT Reg No: 728 8830 92 Premier Leisure Stores Ltd. Company No. 6513103