http://www.timberwolfforest.com/pages/privacy-policy
Facebook
Twitter
Pinterest
Instagram
YouTube
FREE shipping on orders over $200
Need Help? Call 877-504-WOLF
Search
Shop By Category
36 Inch Table Legs
42 Inch Table Legs
Wooden Table Legs & Posts
Vanity Legs & Posts
Corbels & Brackets
Bun Feet
Pedestal Feet
Floating Shelves
Dining Table Legs
Coffee Table Legs
Onlays & Appliques
Extra Operations
Shop By Style
Mission
Art & Crafts
Acanthus
Traditional
Transitional & Shaker
Craftsman
Shop By Family Suites
Catalog
Trade Application
Resources
Custom Quotes
Professional Bloggers
Trade Application
Request a Catalog
Shipping Information
FAQ
DIY Projects
Blog
Company Info
About Us
Contact Us
Blog
Sales Policy
Return Policy
Professional Blogger Platform
Gallery
Log in
Log out
Home
›
Privacy Policy
Privacy Policy
Timber Wolf Forest Products, Inc. (TWFP) will not sell or provide any personal information to anyone without your permission.TWFP is committed to protecting the privacy of visitors to our web site. We will never use any personal information collected at this site for any purpose other than internal use unless the registrant chooses to be added to mailing lists (a choice made by the registrant).If you have any questions or concerns about any privacy issues, please contact us at sales@timberwolfforest.com.Types of Information:The following is an explanation of what information is collected from visitors at this site.Anonymous Information - TWFP will track visitor activity to our site using IP addresses and set temporary cookies to track user sessions. This data helps us to keep track of the number of visitors to our site and helps facilitate the dynamic nature of our site. This information is not connected in any way with personal information (name, address, etc.). The user's identity remains anonymous with this type of information.Registration Information - User information only will be used to process orders or to initiate contact with TWFP. The registrant has the choice of being added to email or postal mailing lists but is not required to do so. No one outside of TWFP will ever have access to your personal information.Registration information is stored in a database on a secure server. The database is password protected and is only accessible by our servers and authorized personnel of TWFP. Third-Party Privacy PoliciesPlease be aware that other web sites when accessed through our site may collect personally identifiable information about you. The information practices of those third-party web sites linked to the TWFP web site are not covered by this privacy statement.
american express
diners club
discover
jcb
master
paypal
visa