http://www.sendmaui.com/privacy-policy
Last published 02/10/2016
SECURITY
You can shop at SendMaui.com online with confidence! We have partnered with Authorize.Net, a leading payment gateway since 1996, to offer safe and secure credit card transactions for our customers.
The Authorize.Net Payment Gateway manages the complex routing of sensitive customer information through credit card processing networks. The company adheres to strict industry standards for payment processing, including:
• 128-bit Secure Sockets Layer (SSL) technology for secure Internet Protocol (IP) transactions.
• Industry leading encryption hardware and software methods and security protocols to protect customer information.
• Compliance with the Payment Card Industry (PCI) Data Security Standard.
For additional information regarding the privacy of your sensitive cardholder data, please read the Authorize.Net Privacy Policy.
DO WE USE “COOKIES”?
Yes. Cookies are small files that a site or its service provider transfers to your computer’s hard drive through your Web browser (if you allow) that enables the site’s or service provider’s systems to recognize your browser and capture and remember certain information. For instance, we use cookies to help us remember and process the items in your shopping cart. They are also used to help us understand your preferences based on previous or current site activity, which enables us to provide you with improved services. We also use cookies to help us compile aggregate data about site traffic and site interaction so that we can offer better site experiences and tools in the future.
We may contract with third-party service providers to assist us in better understanding our site visitors. These service providers are not permitted to use the information collected on our behalf except to help us conduct and improve our business.
You can choose to have your computer warn you each time a cookie is being sent, or you can choose to turn off all cookies. You do this through your browser (like Google Chrome or Internet Explorer) settings. Each browser is a little different, so look at your browser Help menu to learn the correct way to modify your cookies. If you turn cookies off, you won’t have access to many features that make your site experience more efficient and some of our services will not function properly. However, you can still place orders over the telephone by contacting customer service.
DO WE DISCLOSE THE INFORMATION WE COLLECT TO OUTSIDE PARTIES?
We do not sell, trade, or otherwise transfer to outside parties your personally identifiable information unless we provide you with advance notice, except as described below. The term “outside parties” does not include SendMaui, Inc. It also does not include website hosting partners and other parties who assist us in operating our website, conducting our business, or servicing you, so long as those parties agree to keep this information confidential. We may also release your information when we believe release is appropriate to comply with the law, enforce our site policies, or protect ours or others’ rights, property, or safety.
However, non-personally identifiable visitor information may be provided to other parties for marketing, advertising, or other uses.
HOW CAN YOU OPT-OUT, REMOVE OR MODIFY INFORMATION YOU HAVE PROVIDED US?
To modify your eMail subscriptions, you may use the link in the eMail  you received to unsubscribe.
To delete all of your online account information from our database, sign into the “My Account” section of our site and remove your billing address & payment information. Please note that we may maintain information about an individual sales transaction in order to service that transaction and for record keeping.
THIRD PARTY LINKS
In an attempt to provide you with increased value, we may include third party links on our site. These linked sites have separate and independent privacy policies. We therefore have no responsibility or liability for the content and activities of these linked sites. Nonetheless, we seek to protect the integrity of our site and welcome any feedback about these linked sites (including if a specific link does not work).
CHANGES TO OUR POLICY
If we decide to change our privacy policy, we will post those changes on this page. Policy changes will apply only to information collected after the date of the change. This policy was last modified on January 31, 2014.
QUESTIONS AND FEEDBACK
We welcome your questions, comments, and concerns about privacy. Please send us any and all feedback pertaining to privacy, or any other issue. You may eMail to us at info@sendmaui.com.
ONLINE POLICY ONLY
This online privacy policy applies only to information collected through our website and not to information collected offline.
TERMS OF USE
Please also visit our “Terms of Use” section establishing the use and limitations of liability governing the use of our website.
DISCLAIMERS
Please also visit our “Disclaimer” section establishing things you need to know and the limitations of the use of our website.
YOUR CONSENT
By using our site, you consent to our privacy policy.
SendMaui, Inc.
24258 La Montura Dr.
Valencia, California 91354-3069
© SendMaui, Inc. 2016
Type and Press “enter” to Search