https://www.millworkforless.net/faqs.htm#privacy
We
are
wood door
specialists
NOT lumber generalists.
We can help!
Call  866-645-8885
M - Th
8:30am - 8:00pm ET, Fri til 5pm,  Sat 9 - 12 + On-Call
Saturday*
View
Cart  |
Custom Door Gallery
_____________________________________________________________________
Premium Wood Doors:
Exterior Doors
|
Interior Doors
|
Garage Doors
Hardware
|
Hardwood Moulding
| Glass
Options |
Door Upgrades
|
Custom Options
| Site Map
|
About Us
FAQs
How should I care for my
hardwood door?
Wood door maintenance really depends on direct sun/water
exposure. The frequency of
door maintenance varies with individual applications.
A door without an
over hang or porch is going to weather quicker than a covered door. The bottom line is every few months, look for dulling in your finish which is usually the result of sun
burning your door.  The
sun’s ultra violet rays are bad things, but no worse on doors than
anything else.
We recommend that your
door be wiped down or rinsed off.  When pollutants accumulate on the
finish, they are often very acidic and will really wear down a finish.
You should always check for cracks in the caulk around
your door unit, but this is no different for a wood or metal door.
As a rule of thumb, every 12 to 18 months the exterior of a door
should receive a light sanding with fine sand paper, about 220 grit.
After this, one should take a clean cloth, apply a little paint
thinner to it and thoroughly wipe the door off.
After the door dries for a few minutes, apply a single top coat
of polyurethane.
When
applying polyurethane, brush it on.
Please do not short cut and try the aerosol cans.
It is important to get a complete coating on the door and do not
be afraid to let the polyurethane drip
into crevices and cracks to
keep the door sealed for best protection against water damage.
Voila, the door is good for another 12 to 18 months.
It really is that simple.
Finishing kits are available for purchase on this website - click here.
Always
remember, wood came from a living breathing tree and it is more
sensitive to the elements than metal, but it is far more beautiful.
It will change and grow in character over its life.
With just modest attention and care, a wood door can last for
many, many years.
For help in selecting a door or for further advice,
call toll free
us at 866-645-8885.
Finely
crafted wood doors are a source of individual expression and beauty in
domestic and commercial architecture. Wood has the ability to adapt to
many designs, allowing for thousands of creative possibilities. Wood
sets the standard for all other door types to achieve. But no other
material delivers the architectural detail, precise shadow lines and
mesmerizing grain patterns of wood.
The
inherent warmth of wood doors is due to millions of naturally occurring,
tiny honeycomb cells between the fibers, which provide a relatively high
percentage of air volume, an excellent insulator. According to WDMA sources, wood's insulating properties are 600 times more effective than those of steel. And because wood doesn't conduct hot or cold like most man-made materials, the possibility of "thermal bowing" is diminished. Thermal bowing is caused by extreme
temperatures, when one surface of the door is very cold at the same time the other side is very warm. When the cold side of the door contracts and the warm side expands, the uneven pressure that results may cause the structure to bow. Wood is
much
less susceptible to this problem.
Door
protection during remodeling and construction.
Doors installed during a home remodel or construction should be
protected from construction traffic.  However, never seal door behind an
air tight vapor barrier as severe damage can occur to your door from
excessive heat build up from the solar heat gain of sun exposure.  No
warranty applies to doors experiencing such conditions. The same applies
to the installation of air tight storm doors over a wood door, steel
door or fiberglass door.
Easy
to install and finish
Wood is easily planed at the home site to fit odd-sized openings.
Imperfections in framing and jamb systems are not the roadblocks that
they might be for non-wood, less-adaptable door materials. In addition,
shavings from planing a wood door are much less irritating than fibers
and other debris from man-made materials. Wood doors, when prepared
properly at the home site, take stain evenly and beautifully. In this
way, wood is more forgiving than non-wood surfaces.
“Do not use wood
conditioners prior to staining mahogany, oak, cherry. Conditioner is
good on woods with wild grain variations and most softwood products. On
hardwoods, it most often seals the wood and prevents your stain from
doing its job and penetrating the wood grain.  Your finishes will tend
to be light and off color.”
Like
anything worthwhile, wood doors require care. We recommend you install
wood entrance doors under an overhang that blocks the sun. When
finishing the door, all six sides, (four edges and two faces), must be
properly sealed, per manufacturers instructions. Avoid applying
dark-colored paint, as it is more prone to noticeable fading in the sun.
Inspect your wood door every one to two years. Finishing tips - click here.
Fire rated door option.
We can do
most any door style for you in a 20 minute fire rated door (required
nationally between your home and your attached garage). Up charge will
apply. Call or
contact us for details.
Setback for bore option.
Our lock set bore is
set to 2-3/8” setback.
Rough opening: Tips for accurate measurement.
Delivery
and lead time information:
All our doors are made to order. Lead time is generally 7 -
10 weeks
*Delivery times may be longer, please call to verify lead
times.
*All doors
shipping to Florida areas requiring DP rating will have
$475 added to the  price because they require special
frames, sills & hardware to pass code.
*Now
shipping doors to Alaska -
for customer pickup in Anchorage, add $475 to any door unit!
top
How will
my door be packaged for motor freight shipping?
When your merchandise
arrives, particularly, doors you can expect the product
to arrive on a motor freight carrier.  Dealing with a motor freight
carrier is definitively different than using UPS or the Postal Service.
When your product arrives, expect it to be heavy and bulky.
Door units can weigh
between 100 and 450 pounds in their crate.  ***Do not expect a motor
freight driver to help you unload.  They will move your product to the
tail of their truck and from that point on, the load is yours to manage.
Have some able body friends on hand to help out or whom ever you can
recruit.  Often, door units are easier to manage once removed from their
crate and you might want to uncrate immediately after removing your
shipment from the truck.
A driver has been
known to be of more assistance if you are to offer them some financial
consideration, but this is not always a guarantee.  Good luck and be
safe in unloading your merchandise
Exterior door unit crate:
Garage door delivery crate:
Shipping Damage:
We have always replaced any damaged items in a prompt fashion. On door units, normal
lead times may be needed. Very, very rarely are there any issues
unless an item is damaged in transit. Almost never as long as UPS is not
involved. We do not encourage ordering from us if you are unsure of what
you want. We are fast in response to all issues. Problem situations take
precedent over new orders.  We do ask that you inspect shipments
thoroughly upon receipt and prior to signing. Damaged shipments
should be refused or received with notation of apparent damage. Details
of damage is helpful, but most importantly, noting that damage is
recognized helps all parties when settling claims.
When receiving smaller items by UPS Ground or US Mail, please inspect for shortages or
wrong items and report to us within 48hrs.
All
damages must be reported within 24
hours to Millwork for Less
Return Policy for non defective,
or no warranty items:
You must
contact Millwork for Less within 24 hours
of receiving delivery to obtain an
RGA number.
Call 866-645-8885 for an RGA# - 9- 5 ET.
All freight
on returns must be prepaid by customer.
No returns on doors
and door components.
Cancellation fee - 3% on
credit card orders.
Company
background - About Millwork for Less
2006 door tour - Read about our
2nd Annual Door Tour as we document our East coast travels on rented
Triumph motorcycles seeking out customer doors that were purchased from
this website.
Click Here
top
Do you have any impact rated door systems that would
meet Florida building code.
Yes, we can do DP-50 rated structural.  We do not often do impact glass, but have doors
for coastal applications.
Learn
more...
*All doors shipping to
Florida areas requiring DP rating will have $475 added to the
price because they require special frames, sills & hardware to pass
code.
Protecting your privacy
We do not share your information with third parties for commercial purposes.
We do not run banner ads, pop
ups, or any other kind of third-party commercial ads.
We communicate with you only on an "opt-in" basis.
We do not store credit card information.
Credit card transactions are transmitted via secure encrypted connections (SSL)
Safe Shopping
When you are shopping
securely online, you’ll see a tiny golden padlock in your address bar
right next to the address which now reads “HTTPS” instead of “HTTP.” the
“S” stands for “secure,” as you have been transferred to a secure line
to prevent hacking and identity theft among other information gathering
techniques such as key-logging and screen-mirroring software. Both of
these identifying marks reassure our customers that their orders are
safe and secure.
Appearance and workability information on wood
doors vs. other
materials
The
appearance of  wood projects a natural custom look as opposed to a
plain cold appearance of other materials.
Wood doors
can be cut to size, or cut for inserts, and resealed better than other
materials.
Wood is an
excellent insulating material. Its cellular structure has millions of
trapped air cells that forms a natural barrier against heat and cold.
Wood doors
do not get as hot on the face in the summer or as cold on the face in the
winter.
Wood doors
are easy to plane, whereas other materials would be difficult or
impossible to plane.
Tests show
that most air loss occurs around and not through a door.
Other
materials can rust, delaminate or get an irreparable dent in its skin.
top
Be
Inspired.  Visit Our Door Galleries
Exterior Doors
|
Interior Doors
|
Garage Doors
Customer Service
Millwork Products
Useful
Links
Information Request Form
Sign Up for Special Offers
Custom
Options
Customer Comments
Door Upgrades
About Us
Sitemap
Home
Exterior Wood Doors
Pivot Doors
Folding Patio
Doors
Interior Wood Doors
Wooden Garage Doors
Hardwood Moulding
Door Locks & Hardware
Stain & Maintenance Kits
Frequently Asked Questions
Terms and Warranty
Privacy Policy
Shipping Info
How-to Library
Visit our
custom door gallery
to see examples of our work.
Our
quotes are good for 30 days.
If your quote is older, please request updated
pricing.
Call Toll Free:
1-866-645-8885
or (717) 566 -1610
FAX: (717) 220-0317
Regular office hours: Monday
- Thursday  8:30am - 8:00pm ET  (Fri. til 5:00)
Saturday 9 - 12pm +
e-Check
+ON-CALL Saturdays after noon!
Leave a
voice mail message and our customer service department will
call you back to help with door related questions.  Our
special Saturday service is limited to questions you may
have about purchasing wood doors.
We are wood door specialists not lumber generalists. Call
us. We can help!
© 2001-20,
Millworkforless. 8176
Presidents Drive, Unit M, Hummelstown, PA 17036