https://www.wineware.co.uk/conditions-of-use
Menu
Shopping Cart
0
Glassware
Back to menu
Visit all Glassware
Wine Glasses
Back to Glassware)
Visit all Wine Glasses
Red Wine Glasses
White Wine Glasses
Champagne Glasses
Crystal Wine Glasses
Large Wine Glasses
Whisky Glasses
Beer Glasses
Spirit Glasses
Back to Glassware)
Visit all Spirit Glasses
Brandy / Cognac Glasses
Grappa Glasses
Liqueur Glasses
Alternative Spirit Glasses
Wine Tasting Glasses
Gin and Tonic Glasses
Cocktail Glasses
Water Glasses / Tumblers
Back to Glassware)
Visit all Water Glasses / Tumblers
Stemmed Water Glasses
Long drink & Tumblers
Shot Glasses
Martini Glasses
Dessert Wine Glasses
Reusable Plastic BPA Free Glasses
Mugs & Teacups
Wine Glass Accessories / Glass Cleaning
Wine Glass Storage
Restaurant Glasses
Back to Glassware)
Visit all Restaurant Glasses
Restaurant Glasses - Riedel
Restaurant Glasses - Schott Zwiesel
Restaurant Glasses - Zalto
Restaurant Glasses - Glencairn
Restaurant Glasses - Glass & Co
Restaurant Glasses - Luigi Bormioli
Restaurant Glasses - Spiegelau
Glass Hire
Back to Glassware)
Visit all Glass Hire
Glass Hire: A step-by-step guide
Glass Hire for Birthdays
Glass Hire for Corporate Events
Glass Hire for Functions
Glass Hire for Wine Tastings
Glass Hire for Whisky Tastings
Wine Glass Hire – Which wine glasses are suitable for my event?
Wine Glasses by Region and Grape
Back to Glassware)
Visit all Wine Glasses by Region and Grape
Beaujolais Wine Glasses
Bordeaux Wine Glasses
Burgundy Wine Glasses
Cabernet Sauvignon Wine Glasses
Chardonnay Wine Glasses
Riesling Wine Glasses
Chablis Wine Glasses
Chianti Wine Glasses
Pinot Noir Wine Glasses
Prosecco Wine Glasses
Rioja Wine Glasses
Shiraz and Syrah Wine Glasses
Top Glassware Brands
Back to Glassware
Visit all Glassware Brands
Schott Zwiesel
Riedel
Glencairn
Zalto
Norlan
Luigi Bormioli
Stolzle
Spiegelau
Mark Thomas
Zwiesel 1872
Grassl
Jancis Robinson x Richard Brendon
Lehmann Glass
View all Glassware brands
Close
Wine Racks
Back to menu
Visit all Wine Racks
Assembled Wine Racks
Bespoke Traditional Wine Racks
Bespoke Pine Wine Racks
Bespoke Oak Wine Racks
Wine Rack Kits
Wooden Wine Cabinets
Cellar Cubes
Metal Wine Racks
Plastic Wine Racks
Wall Mounted Wine Racks
Counter Top Wine Racks
Wine Case Racks
Moveable Wine Storage
Display Wine Racks
Self Assembly Melamine Wine Racks
Wine Rack Accessories
Top Wine Racks Brands
Back to Wine Racks
Visit all Wine Racks Brands
VintageView
CellarStak
NOOK
ISOCO
Vinowall
Display Wine
EziRak
Modularack
Vinrack
Flat Pack Wine Rack
Big Metal Wine Rack
Close
Decanting
Back to menu
Visit all Decanting
Wine Decanters
Wine Decanter Accessories
Back to Decanting)
Visit all Wine Decanter Accessories
Wine Decanter Drainers
Wine Decanter Stoppers
Spirit / Whisky Decanters
Wine Decanter Cleaning
Wine Funnels / Aerators
Wine Pourers
Wine Bottle Stoppers
Wine Coolers
Ice Buckets
Wine Serving Accessories
Back to Decanting)
Visit all Wine Serving Accessories
Bottle Drip Rings
Wine Thermometers
Wine & Spirit Measures
Decanting Cradles
Wine Bottle Coasters
Cork Spikes
Wine Spittoons
Serving Jugs
Champagne Accessories
Beer Accessories
Port Accessories
Wine Decanting Sets
Branded Wine Spittoons
Branded Wine Buckets
Branded Bottle Stoppers
Top Decanting Brands
Back to Decanting
Visit all Decanting Brands
Eisch Glas
Riedel
Schott Zwiesel
Zalto
Vacu Vin
The Wine Show by Vacu Vin
Stolzle
Coravin
Nude
Leonardo
Nachtmann
Elia
Pulltex
View all Decanting brands
Close
Corkscrews
Back to menu
Visit all Corkscrews
Waiters Friend
Lever Model / Twisters
Champagne Sabre / Openers
Laguiole Hand Crafted Corkscrews
Bar / Wall Mounted Corkscrews
Foil Cutters
Cork Retriever / Butlers Thief
Beer Bottle Openers
Branded Corkscrews
Top Corkscrews Brands
Back to Corkscrews
Visit all Corkscrews Brands
Laguiole en Aubrac
Coutale Sommelier
Le Creuset / Screwpull
Pulltex
Vacu Vin
Forge de Laguiole
Close
Wine Preservation
Back to menu
Visit all Wine Preservation
Wine Bottle Neck Tags
Wine Preservation Systems
Wine Bags
Dehumidifiers
Bottle Stoppers
Thermo Hygrometers
Wine Bottle Cellar Sleeves
Cellar Books
Branded AntiOx Wine Preserver
Top Wine Preservation Brands
Back to Wine Preservation
Visit all Wine Preservation Brands
Vacu Vin
WineSkin
Coravin
Pulltex
Meaco
Fondis
Winesaver Pro
Close
Wine Refrigeration
Back to menu
Visit all Wine Refrigeration
Single Temperature Cabinets
2 to 3 Temperature
Multi Temperature
Undercounter Coolers
Top Wine Refrigeration Brands
Back to Wine Refrigeration
Visit all Wine Refrigeration Brands
Liebherr
Caple
Fisher and Paykel
Teca Vino
Quadro Vino
Close
Barware
Back to menu
Visit all Barware
Wine Glass Hanging Racks
Glass Storage Boxes
Glass Washer Racks / Trays
Spirit and Wine Bar Thimble Measures
Cocktail Shakers
Bar Corkscrews
Giant XL Cork Stools
Glass Cleaning Accessories
Bar Accessories
Scented Candles
Top Barware Brands
Back to Barware
Visit all Barware Brands
Fries Rack System
Close
Wine Tasting
Back to menu
Visit all Wine Tasting
Wine / Spirit Education Aromas
Wine Maps And Charts
Wine Tasting Glasses
Wine Spittoons
Wine Tasting Accessories
Wine Books
Wine Tasting Game
Coffee Education Aromas
Branded Sommelier Aprons
Top Wine Tasting Brands
Back to Wine Tasting
Visit all Wine Tasting Brands
De Long
Le Nez du Vin
Luigi Bormioli
Aroma Academy
Pulltex
Close
Gifts
Back to menu
Visit all Gifts
Christmas Stocking Fillers
Christmas Gifts Under £20
Christmas Gifts £20 to £39.99
Christmas Gifts £40 to £60
Christmas Gifts Over £60
Gifts For Her
Gifts For Him
Deluxe Wine Gifts
Wine Gifts
Gin Gifts
Whisky Gifts
Gift Sets
Close
Sale
Back to menu
Visit all Wineware Sale
Glassware Sale
Wine Rack Sale
Decanting Sale
Corkscrew Sale
Tableware Sale
Close
Register
Log in
My Wishlist
Trade Customers
Currency:
£ GBP
$ USD
€ Euro
Home
About Us
Guides
Blog
Contact Us
Close
Register
Log in
My Wishlist
Trade Customers
Home
About Us
Guides
Blog
Contact Us
COVID 19 - Business As Usual, Safe Deliveries in operation
- Read our latest update
Excellent on TRUSTPILOT
Same Day Dispatch (Order Before 3pm Mon-Fri)
Fuss Free Returns*
You are here: Home
Terms & Conditions
Terms & Conditions
Share
The following terms and conditions apply to all transactions on www.wineware.co.uk The use of this site indicates your acceptance of these terms and conditions. The placement of an order indicates your acceptance of these terms and conditions, This does not affect any statutory rights that you may have. Please read them carefully and print a copy for future reference.
General
These terms and conditions do not affect your statutory rights. To order goods through this website you must be at least 18 years of age and accept delivery worldwide. We will treat each order for goods as an offer by you to purchase the goods subject to these terms and conditions. Special Conditions apply to certain items and are set out on the pages describing those items.
Description of Goods
Many of the products we sell are of a descriptive nature and it is not practical to publish detailed specifications of all the products. All images, descriptive matter, specifications and advertising on our site are for the sole purpose of giving an approximate description of the goods. Full detailed specifications are available from the manufacturer's brochures or their websites.
Accuracy of Product Information
All product specifications, images and other information published on our website have either been made accessible by suppliers, manufacturer's, publications, publicists, or been gathered from public-domain sources. The intention of wineware.co.uk is that all information on the website should be as accurate and up to date as possible. However, wineware.co.uk cannot guarantee the reliability or the accuracy of the information contained within its pages. All the actions taken by the user of the website are the responsibility of the individual.
Payment and Price
The total price payable for the goods will be stipulated at the time when you place your order whether or not the order has been confirmed. We are entitled to make adjustments to the price to take account of any increase in our supplier's prices, or the imposition of any taxes or duties, or if due to an error or omission the price published for the goods is wrong whether or not the order has been confirmed. We will inform you of the correct price and give you the opportunity to cancel the order. All prices on our website are inclusive of VAT but exclusive of delivery charges which will be payable as indicated at the time of placing your order.
Typographical Errors
In the event a product is listed at an incorrect price due to typographical error or error in pricing information from our suppliers, taxes or duty changes, we shall have the right to refuse or cancel any orders listed at the incorrect price whether or not the order has been confirmed. If your credit card has already been charged and we subsequently cancel your order, we will immediately issue a credit to your credit card account in the value of the incorrect price (including delivery charges).
Payment Methods
We accept all major credit and debit cards including Visa, Mastercard and Switch, American Express, but excluding Diners Card. On the order you must provide us with your exact billing address and telephone number - the address and phone number your credit card bank has on file for you. Incorrect information will cause a delay in processing your order. Your order will only be processed once authorisation of your credit card has been properly received. You may also pay by cheque or postal order although we cannot dispatch the goods until payment has been cleared which can take at least 10 days.
Availability of Goods
All products and services are subject to availability and may be withdrawn at any time. If we do not supply the goods for any reason we will not charge you for these and we will refund any money already paid for them. However, we will not be responsible for compensating you for any other losses you may suffer if we do not supply the goods. 'This product is in stock' as displayed on our website. Means that the product is in stock at 9.00am each working day, Monday to Friday, if a simultaneous purchase is made for that product we reserve the right to be able to resupply as soon as the product is available.
Security and PrivacyPlease read our privacy policy
Wine Refrigeration Cabinets / CoolersIt is the customers' responsibility to ensure that the wine storage unit ordered will fit into your property and the final destination. All dimensions are available to view on each individual product on our website; the customer must therefore ensure that the unit is suitable. If the unit is ordered and when delivered, does not enter the property or destination for whatever reason, then a return handling and transport fee from £150 will be charged to enable us to return the unit to our suppliers. This is ONLY providing that it is left in its original, unopened packaging. If the packaging of the cabinet is opened, the unit CANNOT be returned. This condition reflects the delivery policy of the manufacturers.
You are entitled to cancel your contract if you so wish, provided you exercise your right no longer than 14 days after the day on which you received the goods. If you wish to exercise your right to cancel, you are obliged to retain possession of the goods and take reasonable care of them.A collection fee for the cost of returning the goods will apply, from £150.00. Collection of the goods will ONLY take place from the delivery address to which they were delivered.Alternatively, you can return the items at your own cost within 14 days of such cancellation and we will reimburse you (by the method used to pay for the original transaction) the amount in relation to goods to which cancellation rights apply.This refund will be actioned no later than 14 days after the appliance has been returned to us. Upon receipt of the returned appliance, it will be inspected to ensure it is in perfect condition and includes all relevant accessories, manuals and components etc.If you cancel an order after the goods have been dispatched, you will be charged the actual cost of collecting the item. The cost will be deducted from any refund that is due to you.Please note:- We recommend you return goods by a recorded method of delivery as proof of return may be required. They should also be insured, should the goods get damaged during the return transit. If goods are damaged by the couriers you choose to use then that is your responsibility.- If the appliance has been removed from its outer packaging, installed and/or used or can no longer therefore be sold as new, an appropriate reduction in the refund due will be applicable.- We may request photographic evidence of the appliance prior to collection.- We reserve the right to claim for any damage to the appliance(s) that may have occurred whilst the goods have been in your possession. This does not affect your statutory rights.- On conclusion your order will be processed for reimbursement of monies paid, less any applicable collection charges & or charges in respect of missing accessories, manuals and components.
Customer Service -Comments/ComplaintsIf you have any queries with regard to your order, please contact us on 01903 786148 (International +44 (0) 1903 786148) between the hours of 9am & 5.30pm Monday to Friday (GMT) (All calls are charged at standard national rate). Alternatively, you can email us at info@wineware.co.uk or write to us:
Wineware (Racks & Accessories) LtdUnit 12, Brookside Business ParkBrookside AvenueRustingtonWest SussexBN16 3LP
We will endeavour to reply to your complaint within one working day and inform you of what action will be taken.
All prices shown are correct at time of going to print, but may be subject to change, in the unlikely event of a product, price or description being incorrect we will inform the individual as soon as possible. We have endeavoured to represent as closely as possible the products we offer using current photographic technology. However, we cannot be held liable for printing errors. In addition, due to the nature of the natural materials used in the manufacture of the some of our products, some slight variations in actual goods may occur.
For any payments by cheque, please make payable to: Wineware (Racks & Accessories) Ltd
Please Note: We are unable to dispatch goods prior to a cheque clearing so your order may take a little longer. Do not send any bank notes or coins.
www.wineware.co.uk
info@wineware.co.uk
Sign up for news and offers*
Please wait...
Title
Mr
Mrs
Miss
Master
Ms
Rev (Reverend)
Fr (Father)
Dr (Doctor)
Prof (Professor)
Hon (Honorable)
Forename
Surname
*By signing up you agree to receive our newsletter by email
Copyright © 2020 Wineware Racks & Accessories. All rights reserved.
Back to Top