http://www.giftsofnature.net/site-privacy/
Skip to content
Home
We Are?
Facts of Rice
Health for Men
Nutrition and Fitness
Contact Us
Privacy Policy:
giftsofnature ("giftsofnature")
operates giftsofnature.net and may operate other websites. It
is giftsofnature's policy to respect your privacy regarding any information we may collect
while operating our websites.
Website Visitors
Like most website operators, giftsofnature collects non-personally-identifying information of the
sort that web browsers and servers typically make available, such as the browser type, language preference,
referring site, and the date and time of each visitor request. giftsofnature's purpose in
collecting non-personally identifying information is to better understand
how giftsofnature's visitors use its website. From time to
time, giftsofnature may release non-personally-identifying information in the aggregate, e.g., by
publishing a report on trends in the usage of its website.
giftsofnature also collects potentially personally-identifying information like Internet Protocol
(IP) addresses for logged in users and for users leaving comments on giftsofnature.net
blogs/sites. giftsofnature only discloses logged in user and commenter IP addresses under the same
circumstances that it uses and discloses personally-identifying information as described below, except that
commenter IP addresses and email addresses are visible and disclosed to the administrators of the blog/site
where the comment was left.
Gathering of Personally-Identifying Information
Certain visitors to giftsofnature's websites choose to interact
with giftsofnature in ways that require giftsofnature to gather
personally-identifying information. The amount and type of information that giftsofnature gathers
depends on the nature of the interaction. For example, we ask visitors who sign up at giftsofnature.net to provide a
username and email address. Those who engage in transactions with giftsofnature are asked to
provide additional information, including as necessary the personal and financial information required to
process those transactions. In each case, giftsofnature collects such information only insofar as
is necessary or appropriate to fulfill the purpose of the visitor's interaction with
giftsofnature. giftsofnature does not disclose personally-identifying information
other than as described below. And visitors can always refuse to supply personally-identifying information, with
the caveat that it may prevent them from engaging in certain website-related activities.
Aggregated Statistics
giftsofnature may collect statistics about the behavior of visitors to its
websites. giftsofnature may display this information publicly or provide it to others.
However, giftsofnature does not disclose personally-identifying information other than as
described below.
Protection of Certain Personally-Identifying Information
giftsofnature discloses potentially personally-identifying and personally-identifying information
only to those of its employees, contractors and affiliated organizations that (i) need to know that information
in order to process it on giftsofnature's behalf or to provide services available
at giftsofnature's websites, and (ii) that have agreed not to disclose it to others. Some
of those employees, contractors and affiliated organizations may be located outside of your home country; by
using giftsofnature's websites, you consent to the transfer of such information to
them. giftsofnature will not rent or sell potentially personally-identifying and
personally-identifying information to anyone. Other than to its employees, contractors and affiliated
organizations, as described above, giftsofnature discloses potentially personally-identifying and
personally-identifying information only in response to a subpoena, court order or other governmental request, or
when giftsofnature believes in good faith that disclosure is reasonably necessary to protect the
property or rights of giftsofnature, third parties or the public at large. If you are a registered
user of an giftsofnature website and have supplied your email address, giftsofnature
may occasionally send you an email to tell you about new features, solicit your feedback, or just keep you up to
date with what's going on with giftsofnature and our products. If you send us a request (for
example via email or via one of our feedback mechanisms), we reserve the right to publish it in order to help us
clarify or respond to your request or to help us support other users. giftsofnature takes all
measures reasonably necessary to protect against the unauthorized access, use, alteration or destruction of
potentially personally-identifying and personally-identifying information.
Cookies
A cookie is a string of information that a website stores on a visitor's computer, and that the visitor's browser
provides to the website each time the visitor returns. giftsofnature uses cookies to
help giftsofnature identify and track visitors, their usage of giftsofnature
website, and their website access preferences. giftsofnature visitors who do not wish to have
cookies placed on their computers should set their browsers to refuse cookies before
using giftsofnature's websites, with the drawback that certain features
of giftsofnature's websites may not function properly without the aid of cookies.
Business Transfers
If giftsofnature, or substantially all of its assets, were acquired, or in the unlikely event
that giftsofnature goes out of business or enters bankruptcy, user information would be one of the
assets that is transferred or acquired by a third party. You acknowledge that such transfers may occur, and that
any acquirer of giftsofnature may continue to use your personal information as set forth in this
policy.
Ads
Ads appearing on any of our websites may be delivered to users by advertising partners, who may set cookies.
These cookies allow the ad server to recognize your computer each time they send you an online advertisement to
compile information about you or others who use your computer. This information allows ad networks to, among
other things, deliver targeted advertisements that they believe will be of most interest to you. This Privacy
Policy covers the use of cookies by giftsofnature and does not cover the use of cookies by any
advertisers.
Privacy Policy Changes
Although most changes are likely to be minor, giftsofnature may change
its Privacy Policy from time to time, and in giftsofnature's sole
discretion. giftsofnature encourages visitors to frequently check this page for any changes to
its Privacy Policy. If you have a giftsofnature.net account, you might also
receive an alert informing you of these changes. Your continued use of this site after any change in
this Privacy Policy will constitute your acceptance of such change.
Recent Posts
Nutrition and Fitness for Health
The Health Benefits and Nutrition Facts of Rice
Tips on Nutrition and Health for Men
Recent Comments
December 2020
M
T
W
T
F
S
S
« Mar
123456
78910111213
14151617181920
21222324252627
28293031
Invalid slider id. Master Slider ID must be a valid number.Archives
March 2017
December 2020
M
T
W
T
F
S
S
« Mar
123456
78910111213
14151617181920
21222324252627
28293031