http://www.airgunexpress.co.uk/page-18/terms-and-conditions.html
01273 326338 •
info@chweston.co.uk
Home :
Contact Us
: Airgun Laws
: Sitemap
Go!
You are here:
Home
Toggle navigation
Menu
AIR RIFLESAIR ARMSWEIHRAUCHBSAGAMOAIR PISTOLSKWCUMAREXWEIHRAUCHSECONDHAND GUNSTELESCOPIC SIGHTSHAWKE OPTICSYUKONMOUNTSMULTI TOOLS & KNIVESLEATHERMANACCESSORIESCHRONOGRAPHSPELLETS / PELLET ACCESSORIESCHARGING / FILLING EQUIPMENTCO2 CAPSULESTARGETSGUN SLIPS / CASESGUN CARE / MAINTENANCESILENCERS / MAGAZINESBIPODS / SLINGS / SWIVELSGUN CABINETS / GUN SECURITYMISCELLANEOUS ACCESSORIESFIELD SPORTS / CLOTHINGJACK PYKE CLOTHINGSHOOTING STICKSDOG TRAININGARCHERY / SLINGSHOTSDECOYS
Terms and Conditions
Privacy Policy / GDPRAirgunexpress (trading as C&H Weston Ltd) takes your privacy very seriously!
Your privacy is very important to us and any details that you send to
us either by using the shopping cart, by email or telephone will never
be passed to a third party unless it is essential in the processing of
your order. For example to our designated courier service company.
Your personal details will never be sold or used for marketing outside of Airgunexpress (trading as C&H Weston Ltd).
Credit card details are never stored online or on any of our back-up systems.Who we areOur website address is: http://www.airgunexpress.co.ukWhat personal data we collect and why do we collect it.Contact forms
We keep contact form submissions for a certain period for customer
service purposes, but you do not use the information submitted through
them for marketing purposes.Analytics
Information may be collected about activity on the website via google analytics.
This information is used to:
analyse statistics;
track pages and paths used by visitors to, or users of, the website;
For these purposes, the information on the path you take to get to the
website and on some of the pages you visit or use through the website,
using cookies, web beacons and other on-device storage will be retained.
Who we share your data with.We DO NOT share any personal data with anyone including other organisations.What rights you have over your data.You can request that we erase any personal data we hold about you. This
does not include any data we are obliged to keep for administrative,
legal, or security purposes.
C & H Weston Ltd
do not disclose buyers' information to third parties other than when
order details are processed as part of the order fulfilment. For example this may be address details required by a courier firm.In this
case, the third party will not disclose any of the details to any other
third party.Cookies are used on this shopping site to keep track
of the contents of your shopping cart, to store delivery addresses if
the address book is used, and to store your details if you select the
'Remember Me' Option. They are also used after you have logged on as
part of that process. You can turn off cookies within your browser by
going to 'Tools / Internet Options / Privacy' and selecting to block
cookies. If you turn off cookies, you will be unable to place orders or
benefit from the other features that use cookies.Limitation of Liability:1.
Nothing in this Agreement shall affect the statutory rights of any
consumer or exclude or restrict any liability for death or personal
injury arising from the negligence or fraud of C&H Westons. 2.
Subject to clause 1, you agree that C&H Westons shall not be liable
either in contract, tort, negligence, statutory duty or otherwise, for
any direct loss or damage (including loss or damage which is reasonably
foreseeable or occurs naturally in the course of things) resulting from
any acts, omissions, failures or delays occurring on or in relation to
those parts of the Internet not under C&H Westons direct control
including, without limitation, damage for loss of business, loss of
sales, non payment of sums due, loss of profits, business interruption,
loss of reputation, loss of business information, or any other pecuniary
loss (even where C&H Westons has been advised of the possibility of
such loss or damage). 3. The only liabilities that C&H Westons can exclude are those arising from the following:               3.1 In cases where losses were not foreseeable to both parties when the contract was formed.               3.2 Where losses were not caused by any breach on the part of C&H Westons.               3.3 For any business losses, and/or losses to non-consumers.Making A PurchaseMaking a purchase could not be easier. Just browse our store, and add any items that you wish to buy into the shopping cart. After you have finished your selection, click on 'Checkout' and you will be asked for a few details that we need to be able to complete the order.We accept credit card payment. If you are shopping from within Europe, place your order, and your credit card company will convert the transaction to Euros, or your own currency. We accept Visa, Mastercard, Maestro & Solo/Switch. We do not charge for any item until it is ready to ship. Backordered items are not charged until they are shipped. You may send your credit card information via phone, fax, or over the Internet.When confirmation of order is received, this is to indicate that we have received your order. It does not indicate that a contract exists between us. We will indicate acceptance of your order, and hence a contract between us, when we send you an invoice. We have included this term to protect us in the case that a mistake has been made in pricing, we have inadvertently under-priced goods, or we are no longer able to supply a particular product for some reason. In the case of a change of price, we will always contact you first to ensure that the price is acceptable.AGE LIMITATIONS FOR RESTRICTED GOODSCustomers MUST be 18 years of age or older to purchase the following Goods:Airguns, Airgun Pellets, Penknives, Bows/Arrows, Crossbows.By placing an order, and accepting our Terms & conditions, you are confirming you are at least 18 years of age for Restricted Goods purchases.Shipping And Handling: Shipping rates vary between location. Currently, we are able to offer online ordering and shipping to the UK mainland and UK Islands.. Shipping rates do vary between area and we are not yet able to offer online ordering to the Republic of Ireland, the Channel Islands and other International locations.Delivery Schedule: We will normally despatch your order to you within 1-3 working days . International orders normally have a delivery time of 4-7 days.Back Orders If your item is not in stock, we will back order for you. You will always be emailed with the option to cancel your order if you would rather not wait.Tax Charges: For orders made from the UK or the European Union, 20.0% VAT is added. All other orders are VAT free.Credit Card SecurityWhen the order is placed at our website, credit card numbers are encrypted using 128 bit encryption. They are only decrypted after they reach our computer. They are not held in clear text on any web site.GuaranteeAll new products come with a minimum 12 months guarantee*. If at any time within this guarantee period, the equipment fails, for whatever reason, simply return the item to us and we will repair and return it to you with the minimum of fuss free of charge.* The warranty of second hand goods is for 3 months Reaching Us If you need to reach us, please email us using the link on the Contact page, alternatively, you can call on +00 44 (0)1273 326338 or fax us on +00 44 (0)1273 720107 or write to us at 12, East Street, Brighton, East Sussex, BN1 1HP, UKReturns Policy Your Right to cancel1. You have the right to cancel any contract within 7 working days without giving any reason. The 7 working days will start the day after receipt of the goods. 2. The cancellation notice should be sent by e-mail to C&H Westons at info@chwestons.co.uk and must state your name, a description of the goods or services concerned and the contract number of the cancelled contract. 3. Where C&H Westons have supplied goods to you, you must take reasonable care of the goods in your possession pending their return to C&H Westons. C&H Westons will only accept the returned goods in their original packaging and which do not exhibit signs of wear or tear. Any use of the delivered goods beyond that necessary to inspect the goods on delivery will invalidate your right to cancel the contract. 4. Where C&H Westons have supplied goods to you, these goods must be returned to C&H Westons, 12 East Street, Brighton, East Sussex, BN1 1HP or be available for collection by C&H Westons. The cost of returning goods is non-refundable, and where C&H Westons collects goods the direct cost of such will be deducted from the refund.5. Once notice of your cancellation has been received, and we are in possession of the returned goods, C&H Westons will make a refund of the contract price to your debit or credit card used to purchase the goods. This will be done within 30 days of the date of cancellation.6. All monies will be refunded within 30 days of cancellation date.Matters Beyond our Reasonable ControlC&H Weston shall not be held liable for any breach of this Agreement caused by circumstances out of its control including, but not limited to, Acts of God, fire, lightening, flood, or extremely severe weather, explosion, war, disorder, flood, industrial disputes (whether or not involving our employees), acts or omissions of Internet services providers or acts of local or central Government or other competent authorities.Your rights to return goods are protected under the EU Distance Selling Directive which can be found at http://www.hmso.gov.uk
Air Firearm Specialists
C&H Westons is located in Brighton on the south coast, approximately 45 mins from the M25, and less than an hour by rail from London Victoria. We specialise in Airguns, and stock a wide range of new & second-hand Rifles & Pistols of most makes.We also stock new & second-hand Shotguns, Rimfire rifles, Full-Bore rifles, Antique Guns, Deactivated Guns, and Softair Guns
Internal Links
Terms and Conditions Delivery Conditions
Sitemap
Firearm Manufacturers / Brands
Air Arms Beretta BSA Crosman KWC Sports Marketing Umarex Weihrauch
© 2020 CH Weston Limited - All rights reserved.
Telephone: 01273 326338 - Email: info@chweston.co.uk
Responsive Ecommerce Websites by Global Prospect