http://www.shopwildthings.com/company-policies/
Ends Friday December 11, 2020!Orders $500+ Take 15% off w/Coupon "BIG15" & Get FREE Shipping!Orders $99+ Take 10% off w/Coupon "TENWOW" & Get FREE Shipping!Orders $49+ take 10% off w/Coupon "TENWOW" & Flat Rate Shipping!
Home
Company Policies
Real People. Real Customer Service. Real Quality.
At this time, we are fully operational with a limited staff, social distancing, intense cleaning, and following all CDC Guidelines for heath and safety in the workplace. We are shipping orders Monday-Friday.
Shipping Rates (lower 48 US States):Free Shipping for orders over $99! Flat Rate $7.95 for orders $0.01 to $98.99Expedited Methods: 1 Day, 2 Day or 3 Day are also available at checkout
We specialize in emergencies! If you need your merchandise on a certain date, there is a comments section during checkout where you can let us know. We pay VERY close attention to this area of the order form. If there is any problem with getting an order to you in the time that you mention in this spot, you will hear from us via phone and/or email. Please be sure to double check that you are providing us with good contact information.
Need Help? We're Here! We take your orders very seriously...ourselves, not so much. Below is some stuff you might want to know. If reading isn't your thing, and you have a question, we're all about Customer Service. We will answer every question in a friendly, no pressure way. Looking for something you saw here before? Just ask! We'll help you navigate the site.
help@shopwildthings.com
or fill out a contact form here
928.855.6075
Monday - Friday 7am - 4:30pm MST
Shop Wild Things, Inc.
1070 Gauge Drive Lake Havasu City, AZ 86403
Accepted Payment Methods
Visa, Mastercard, American Express, Discover and Paypal are accepted for online orders. You may also select PO for School Purchase orders. We'll contact you for details.
Check or Money Order Payments
Check or Money order payments will ship after payment is received. For School PO's, we'll touch base with you! Go ahead and submit your order. PO (Schools Only) is a payment option at checkout.
Mail Orders are Gladly Accepted!
Please send information about what you would like to order on a sheet of paper. You can add it up with the prices online and send a check. You can also send in an order and your phone number, we will call you with an order total and get your credit card information over the phone.
To mail in orders or to pay for an online order that you would like to pay for with a check, please send to:
ShopWildThings, Inc.
1070 Gauge Drive Lake Havasu City, AZ 86403
30-Day No Hassle Return Policy
Returns and/or exchanges are allowed within 30 days of product receipt. We cannot accept merchandise back after this time and will not honor returns after this time. Packages sent to us without an RMA# written on the outside of the box will be refused and returned to you. Merchandise must be shipped back to us in original packaging and in resaleable condition. We deduct the actual shipping cost for the original shipment (which may exceed any promotional shipping rate) and refund the balance to the customer by the same payment method as the original order.
Holiday Shipping Full Return Policy Current Coupons Shipping Map
Looking for Quantity Discounts?
For larger commercial purchases, please give us a call so that we can quote your order discount.
We will provide a written quote to you in a timely manner, free of charge with no obligation to buy. We are confident that once you see our selection, are assisted by our staff, are impressed by our stock levels...you'll make the final decision to make ShopWildThings your event planning partner.
Pallet Shipping In some cases we need to ship by the pallet. We will always let you know what the shipping is going to cost us or going to cost you, and figure out how to save you the very most that we possibly can while still getting your merchandise to you on time for your event.
Here For YouWe will be here for you, from the start of the planning phase all the way through the delivery of your order. If there are ever any issues, we will promptly and cheerfully assist you. You're never alone when you choose ShopWildThings.
Accessibilities Statement
ShopWildThings has made our website handicap accessible. Please click below for more information.
ADA Info
Discount InformationYes! We offer discounts for qualifying orders as well. We also occasionally offer exclusive email-only coupon codes. Free Ground Shipping is generally not available on oversized items. We will contact you if there is an issue that we have not been able to account for on the website (we're human, after all!). Discounts apply to goods only and do not apply to shipping, taxes, or duties (for International orders).
Click Here for All Current Coupon Offers.
DamagesIf a carrier damages a package in transit, we must be notified within 5 days of product receipt. You will be sent a replacement item as well as a call tag for the damaged item. If there are any other problems with the receipt of your package (packing mistakes happen VERY occasionally!) You must notify us within 5 days of package receipt. All of the original packaging must be kept in tact until your damage return is resolved.
Privacy & SecurityWe respect your privacy and ShopWildThings will never release or sell any information about you to third parties. For our complete Privacy Policy, please visit our Privacy Policy page.
Legal Disclaimerwww.shopwildthings.com and ShopWildThings, Inc. This site is provided by ShopWildThings inc. on an as is basis. ShopWildThings, Inc. makes no representations or warranties of any kind, express or implied, as to the operation of the site or the information, content, materials, or products included on this site. To the full extent permissible by applicable law, ShopWildThings, Inc. disclaims all warranties, express or implied, including, but not limited to implied warranties of merchantability and fitness for a particular purpose. ShopWildThings, Inc. will not be liable for any damages of any kind arising from the use of any of our products including, but not limited to direct, indirect, incidental, punitive, and consequential damages. If any legal issues arise from the use of this site and / or the purchase of any product from this site, you agree that any matters of such that lead to the contacting of legal assistance and / or court, will be resolved in Mohave County, Arizona, United States of America.
Copyright NoticeAll photos, descriptions and other information throughout this website are the sole property of ShopWildThings, Inc. Use by any other entity is unlawful and will be pursued. This site is protected by copyright and trademark laws under US and International law. All rights reserved. © 1995-current year.
SafetyWe STRONGLY urge you to use proper caution when using beaded curtains. If you have very small children around, having beaded curtains in a doorway that they will run or crawl through may not be a wise choice. If you want the fun and sparkle of our beaded curtains but have small children, consider using them in a place where there is no chance that they will become entangled in them...in a window or against a wall perhaps. You may also want to avoid using "sharp edge" beaded curtains. Stars and Moons, Angels Shells and Stars, Palm Trees and Seashells and Starfish are the four curtains with the sharpest edges. We want everything that you purchase from us to give you and your family the joy and happiness that you get from adding fun elements to your home....without hassles or safety concerns! Do NOT use a beaded curtain where a small child may wrap it around his neck or put the beads in his or her mouth. Running through beaded curtains is not advisable. Do not allow beaded curtains, acrylic ornaments, acrylic garlands or fabric curtains to come near heat sources or flames. Use the least sharp beaded curtains for doorways and reserve the "pointy edge" beaded curtains for windows and walls etc. Use of our products is at your own risk. Please use common sense!
Freight Forwarding to International AddressesWe are happy to ship from our warehouses in Arizona to your freight forwarder. Please be aware, though, that once your delivery reaches the address in the United States that you provided, we are no longer responsible for the product. If your product is broken in transit after it leaves our care and is being handled by another party that you have chosen, our insurance will no longer cover damages. Damages in transit between our delivery address and your final International address are to be handled between you and your freight forwarder.
International Shipping Duties and Taxes: We ship worldwide every single day! We love seeing our goodies all over the globe! Our current checkout does not allow us to show duties and taxes for every country during checkout. These charges vary from country to country and province to province. Sometimes they are not charged at all. If they are charged, they are the responsibility of the buyer. If the customer refuses to pay duties and taxes and abandons the order, the customer is responsible for the fees of shipping both ways. The shipping would then be deducted from the refund once the product is received back to us.
International Shipping of GlassWe package glass items with the ultimate of care. Breakage is still something that does come up, however, with glass items. Because International Shipping is so costly, we are unable to re-ship any glass items that arrive broken. If glass items arrive broken, we will ask for photographs of the broken item(s) and credit will be provided.
Our Quality Difference: We work very hard to ensure that what you purchase from ShopWildThings is made in an ethical way in factories where the employees are treated fairly. We travel the globe ourselves to work closely with and check our suppliers and factories. If we detect any health or safety risks for employees with companies we are working with, we insist on corrections and then fly back to check compliance. We make everything that we can right here in the USA and so ALL of our custom fabrication in our Arizona, USA location, providing great jobs to a lot of really wonderful people.  We check the quality of the products sold to us and do not accept inferior supplies. In our Bead Factories, you can choose "Christmas Grade" (Cheap Beads), "Decorator Beads" (OK beads), and what the factories are now calling "ShopWildThings Beads" (Excellent Quality). We pay more for our product so that what you get for your events are high quality, beautiful beads that you can be proud to display. You CAN pay less on other sites, but you truly do get what you pay for. If what you want is quality from an ethical company, you've come to the right place.
×
OK