http://www.spanish-hams.co.uk/privacy-policy
Ham
Buy Spanish Hams
Buy Jamon Accessories
Types of Spanish Ham
How to Slice Spanish Ham
The Production of Spanish Ham
The History & Origin of Spanish Tapas
Health Benefits of Spanish Ham
Spanish Ham Recipes
Cheese
Buy Spanish Cheese
Types of Spanish Cheese
Production of Spanish Cheese
History of Spanish Cheese
Health Benefits of Spanish Cheese
Spanish Cheese Recipes
Olives
Buy Spanish Olives
Spanish Olive Fillings
Types of Spanish Olives
History of Spanish Olives
Health Benefits of Spanish Olives
Spanish Olive Recipes
Olive Oil
Buy Spanish Olive Oil
Spanish Olive Oil Recipes
Health Benefits of Spanish Olive Oil
History of Spanish Olive Oil
Types of Spanish Olive Oil
Production of Spanish Olive Oil
Chorizo
Buy Spanish Chorizo
Types of Spanish Chorizo
Production of Spanish Chorizo
History of Spanish Chorizo
Health Benefits of Spanish Chorizo
Spanish Chorizo Recipes
Wine
Privacy Policy
1. What information do we collect?
We may collect, store and use the following kinds of personal data:
information about your computer and about your visits to and use of this website (including your IP address, geographical location, browser type, referral source, length of visit and number of page views);
any other information that you choose to send to us via our enquiry and contact forms.
2. Cookies
A cookie consists of information sent by a web server to a web browser, and stored by the browser. The information is then sent back to the server each time the browser requests a page from the server. This enables the web server to identify and track the web browser.
We use both ‘session’ cookies and ‘persistent’ cookies on the website. We will use the session cookies to transfer information between pages whilst you navigate the website. We use the persistent cookies to remember your display preferences.
Session cookies will be deleted from your computer when you close your browser. Persistent cookies will remain stored on your computer until deleted, or until they reach a specified expiry date.
We use Google Analytics to analyse the use of this website. Google Analytics generates statistical and other information about website use by means of cookies, which are stored on users’ computers. The information generated relating to our website is used to create reports about the use of the website. Google will store this information. Google’s privacy policy is available at: www.google.com/privacypolicy.html.
Most browsers allow you to refuse to accept cookies. This will, however, have a negative impact upon the usability of many websites, including this one.
3. Using your personal data
Personal data submitted on this website will only be used for the purposes specified in this privacy policy or in relevant parts of the website.
We may use your personal information to:
administer the website;
improve your browsing experience by personalising the website;
enable your use of the services available on the website;
send you email notifications which you have specifically requested;
send to you our newsletter and other marketing communications relating to our business which we think may be of interest to you by post or, where you have specifically agreed to this, by email or similar technology (you can inform us at any time if you no longer require marketing communications);
deal with enquiries and complaints made by or about you relating to the website.
We will not without your express consent provide your personal information to any third parties for the purpose of direct marketing.
4. Other disclosures
In addition to the disclosures reasonably necessary for the purposes identified elsewhere in this privacy policy, we may disclose information about you:
to the extent that we are required to do so by law;
in connection with any legal proceedings or prospective legal proceedings;
in order to establish, exercise or defend our legal rights (including providing information to others for the purposes of fraud prevention and reducing credit risk);
to any of our agents, suppliers or subcontractors (but only as reasonably necessary for our purposes as set out above); and to the purchaser (or prospective purchaser) of any business or asset which we are (or are contemplating) selling.
Except as provided in this privacy policy, we will not provide your information to third parties.
5. International data transfers
All information collected on this website is stored and processed on servers in EU data centres.
In those instances where express permission is given by way of requests by you for additional services from third party suppliers, some personally identifiable data may be securely transferred to those external third partys’ systems. In those instances the data will be subject to the data protection and security policies of those organisations.
6. Security of your personal data
We have taken all reasonable technical and organisational precautions to prevent the loss, misuse or alteration of your personal information.
All transmission of personally identifiable information over the internet is done using https (a secure internet protocol) and hence is extremely secure.
7. Policy amendments
We may update this privacy policy from time-to-time by posting a new version on our website. You should check this page occasionally to ensure you are happy with any changes.
We may also notify you of changes to our privacy policy by email.
8. Your rights
You may instruct us to provide you with any personal information we hold about you. Provision of such information may be subject to the payment of a fee (currently fixed at £10.00).
You may instruct us not to process your personal data for marketing purposes by email at any time. (In practice, you will usually either expressly agree in advance to our use of your personal data for marketing purposes, or we will provide you with an opportunity to opt-out of the use of your personal data for marketing purposes.)
9. Third party websites
The website contains links to other websites. We are not responsible for the privacy policies or practices of third party websites.
10. Updating information
Please let us know if the personal information which we hold about you needs to be corrected or updated.
11. Contact
If you have any questions about this privacy policy or our treatment of your personal data, please write to us by email.
You Might like...
Jamon Serrano & Jamon Iberico SpecialistsAmazon Affiliate DisclosureContact UsPrivacy Policy