https://www.crystalclearpet.com/shop/data-privacy-policies.htm
home
Data Privacy Policies
We have created this privacy statement in order to demonstrate our firm
and continuing commitment to the privacy of personal information provided by
those visiting and interacting with this web site. We hold the privacy of
your personal information in the highest regard.
What Information do we collect?
When you buy or enquire about our products, whether by email, phone, post or
website you provide information about yourselves. We require this information
for the legitimate purpose of processing and fulfilling orders and enquiries
according to our Terms and Conditions
The information we are likely to collect:
Full name, job title, invoice and shipping addresses, shipping contact,
telephone/fax numbers, email addresses, IP address during online payment to
deter fraud. For suppliers we may hold bank account details.
Shipping details will be made available to 3rd party couriers and suppliers
despatching directly to enable your order to be delivered.
Other data will include
Browser, cookie and device data
Click for Website Policies,
Iransaction data such as purchases, purchase amount, dates and payment
method
Company data as available from Companies House and credit checking
agencies.
Retention Period
We will continue to keep data in order to comply with HMRC regulations which
will be 7 years after the year of your last invoice. When you are no longer an
active customer we will still retain your details as you may wish to order from
us again.
When you email us you will be sending at least name and email address which
we require to respond to your enquiry. Please do not send us any confidential
information by unsecured email. This message and subsequent responses will be
stored in our email system.
Email Marketing
From time to time we will send marketing emails to those who have requested
or those who have opted in during the website checkout process. You may
unsubscribe from these emails at any time by clicking on the unsubscribe link in
the email. We do not make this list available to any 3rd party.
Order Processing
We are PCIDSS compliant.
Card details taken by telephone are processed directly on a card terminal.
They are not retained and are destroyed. You must not send personal and card
details by unsecure email.
Website payment details are not disclosed to us. Our website uses payment
processing through PAYPAL, Google checkout and Nochex which links to our website
using the secure https RomanCart Gateway. This process will inform us only
whether the payment is successful or not.
Paypal: https://www.paypal.com/uk/webapps/mpp/ua/privacy-full
Nochex: https://www.nochex.com/privacy-policy/
Romancart does not access merchant data stored on their system.
https://www.romancart.com/sell-more/action/privacy.htm