http://www.office.co.uk/view/content/terms-info-page
Cookies on Office.
We use cookies to improve our site and your shopping experience. By continuing to browse our site you accept our cookie policy.Find out more
OK
Christmas Delivery and Returns
Same Day Delivery
Up to 50% off Festive Treats
Shop the Offer
How can we help
Contact us
Orders
Payment
Delivery
Click & Collect
Click & Collect Update Nov 20
Returns
Gift Card
Size guide
Terms & conditions
Competition Rules
Track My Order
Useful info
About OFFICE
Modern Slavery Act Statement
Gender Pay Gap Report
Code of Ethics
Store Enquiries
Careers
Privacy & cookie policy
Wholesale Enquires
Tax Strategy
Store Reopenings
TERMS AND CONDITIONS
INTRODUCTION
By using the OFFICE website, you accept our Terms and Conditions and Privacy Policy. We reserve the right to change
these Terms and Conditions from time to time and we advise you to read through them each time you use the site.
You must be over 18 years old to buy goods from this site. If you are under 18, you can only use this site with the
involvement of a parent or guardian.
ABOUT OFFICE
OFFICE is the trading name of OFFICE Limited, registered in England & Wales.
Our registered office isOffice Holdings LTD
Classic House,
Martha's Buildings, 180 Old Street,
London EC1V 9BP
Our company registration number is 1764341
Our VAT registration number is 340010335
GUARANTEE
Any customer purchasing goods online will have 14 days from the date of delivery to cancel their item. Customers will
also have an additional 14 days from this point to return the unworn item back to OFFICE. When returning, please note your intention to
exercise your rights under the Consumer Contract Regulations. Standard delivery costs will be refunded if OFFICE are informed of your intent
to return within 14 days of delivery, and then sent back to OFFICE within the next 14 days from that point.
DELIVERY TIMESCALES
We will always do our best to have your order with you on the specified date / time.
However, unforeseen
circumstances can arise that are outwith the control of OFFICE, the courier, or both which may cause a delay.
Although we will do
everything to prevent this happening, it may not always be possible.
With this in mind, any delivery timescales should be taken as a
guideline and not a guarantee of delivery date.
We will make contact with you as soon as we are made aware of any delay to your order.
MISSING ITEM
We’re really sorry if part of your order is missing.
For us to look into this fully, please allow 5 working days.
During this time, the dispatching location(s) will be asked to review CCTV footage, where possible, of the item(s) being checked and sent for shipping.
The purpose of CCTV is to ensure all orders are being pair checked for quality and sent for shipping as would be expected.
We are unable to share CCTV outwith key members of OFFICE.
Should CCTV footage show items being checked and shipped as expected, a review with the courier will then take place.
During this time, customers may be asked to provide the packaging their part order has been received in.
Customer will also be required to complete a declaration confirming parts of their order was missing at the point of delivery.
DELIVERY DISPUTE
In the event of a disputed delivery, please allow 5 working days for us to investigate. During this time, depending on the type of dispute, we will carry out investigations with our dispatch location(s) and the courier.
We may also review CCTV at the point of dispatch to ensure the correct process has been followed.
This CCTV is for review purposes only and will not be shared out with the business.
Customers may be asked to provide proof of signature and will be required to complete a declaration confirming non receipt of their order.
If proof of signature and/or the declaration isn’t returned as soon as possible, this may delay the investigation longer than 5 working days.
COMPLAINT RESOLUTION
In the event that you have a complaint regarding a product or service purchased from OFFICE please contact us at help@office.co.uk
In the unlikely event that our Customer Service team are unable to resolve your complaint, and we have provided a final response to your claim, you can refer your complaint to Consumer Arbitration. Consumer Arbitration is approved by the CTSI to provide dispute resolution services and an independent view of your complaint under the Alternative Dispute Resolution (ADR) for Consumer Disputes (Competent Authorities and Information) Regulations 2015. You will need to refer your complaint to them within 12 months of receiving this correspondence.
For further information or to submit your complaint to Consumer Arbitration please visit www.consumerarbitration.co.uk, Alternatively, your complaint can be addressed to:
Consumer Arbitration12 – 14 Walker AvenueStratford Office VillageWolverton MillMilton KeynesMK12 5TW
OFFICE is a subscriber to the services of Consumer Arbitration and is therefore willing to submit itself to its ADR procedure and be bound by the arbitrator’s decision.
DAMAGED OR DEFECTIVE GOODS
If you receive an item that is damaged or defective, we will either replace the goods free of charge or refund to you
the price of the goods as required. Simply return the goods to us with a proof of purchase.
RETURNS POLICY
You may choose to return any items purchased online to the address below or to any OFFICE store (excluding
concessions). Don't forget to send or bring your invoices along.
OFFICE RETURNS
Loading Bay 1-8
Gatehead Road
Moorfield Industrial Estate Kilmarnock
KA2
0BA
Please note: Returns of items bought on Amazon or eBay can only be processed by our mail order department and cannot
be accepted in store. Your local store may not be open at this time. Please check our store locator for further details.
You can return any item for an exchange or refund within 28 days if you are not completely satisfied with it.
Returned items must be returned to us unworn and in the original condition you received it from us and accompanied by the invoice. We will
assume your order is cancelled and we will refund the full amount to you or give you an exchange as required. If you would rather have
replacement goods, OFFICE can arrange for delivery to you; this constitutes a separate contract between you and OFFICE.
We advise you to send your shoes back via a recorded post service and get a proof of postage as we cannot be held
liable for any goods lost in transit to us. The items are your responsibility until they reach our warehouse or shops. This will ensure that
you will receive a full refund even if your goods are mislaid in the post.
Please don't forget to complete your returns form and details of the refund or exchange you require. Once your goods
are accepted back into stock you will be issued with an exchange or refund. We can only refund the card originally used for payment. Please
tell us why you are returning your item(s) to help us to improve our service and goods in the future. We endeavour to process postal return
refunds/exchanges as soon as possible, but please allow 10 working days to be credited in your account.
We'll refund the delivery charge on unwanted goods where you notify us, other than by telephone, within 14 days of
receipt of your intention to cancel. If notification is received later than 14 days after receipt, then we'll refund the delivery
charge only if the goods are damaged, faulty or incorrect. On returned goods we will refund the amount paid.
Alternatively, if you wish to return or exchange your shoes you can take them, with your invoice, into any OFFICE
store that is currently open
(excluding concessions), where we will be happy to accept the goods. Please be aware that your refund will not be processed in store
as your information will be forwarded to the relevant department. This process may take up to 8-10 working days.
OFFICE GIRL & OFFICE JUNIOR
OFFICE Girl and OFFICE Junior are areas of our website which contain products up to a UK 5.5 and which are designed
as suitable for children and young adults. These sections of the website can be accessed in several ways; either directly through the 'KIDS'
link at the top of every page, or through the office girl or office junior links on the left hand side of the page if you enter the 'HERS'
category. If you are shopping the 'HERS' section of the website, when you select a product and size which we consider suitable for children
or young adults, you will see the logos update on the page to indicate that the size selected is an office girl or office junior product.
STUDENT DISCOUNT
OFFICE have the right to add, remove or adjust this offer at anytime.
This item is available on full price product only and may exclude launch product.
This is only available through UNiDAYS with valid student ID.
DO YOU OFFER A DISCOUNT TO MEMBERS OF DEFENCE DISCOUNT SERVICES?
We're really happy to say that we do. We've teamed up with Defence Discount Service to offer all of their members 10% off full price items online and in our High Street stores. This offer is only valid on full price items.
Online – Your one time code will be issued through Defence Discount Service and will be valid to use online straight away on full price items.
In store – You just have to show the store your Defence Discount Services member card and our staff will be happy to process your 10% discount on full price goods.
DO YOU OFFER A DISCOUNT TO MEMBERS OF BLUE LIGHT CARD?
We sure do. We've proud to be able to offer all members of Blue Light Card 10% discount off full price items online and in any of our High Street stores.
Online – Your one time code will be issued through Blue Light Card and will be valid to use online straight away on full price items.
In store – You just have to show the store your Blue Light Card membership and our staff will be happy to process your 10% discount on full price goods.
ORDER ACCEPTANCE AND CONTRACT
We send you a confirmation email within 24 hours of your order being placed to confirm receipt of your order. Orders
placed by you are an offer to purchase and will be accepted by us, subject to stock availability. Once you have received your confirmation
email, we can't change the details of the order (product, quantities or delivery address). Please ensure you review all your details before
you complete the checkout process.Please contact us at help@office.co.uk
There is a delay between the time when the order is placed and the time when the order is accepted and the order
confirmation email is not a guarantee of stock availability. On occasion the stock position relating to particular items may change. If an
item is not in stock at the time of processing your order, we will let you know as soon after the order has been placed as possible and you
will not be charged for the out of stock item (s) if paying by card. If payment has been made via PayPal, a refund will be processed.
The contract for the sale of the goods will be formed when we send an e-mail confirmation to you that we've
dispatched the product to you at the address you provide us with. Acceptance will be complete at the time that we send this email to you.
Any products on the same order which have not been confirmed in the confirmation email do not form part of that contract. At the point of
dispatch, if paying by card, you will be debited for the items that have been shipped. If your order has already been dispatched, we can no longer cancel
it but you can return it within 28 days of purchase. Please have a look at our Returns policy for details of how to return goods to us.
To securely receive payments over the internet, we use Secure Sockets Layer (SSL) technology to protect your personal
information and payment details. We take security seriously and have put in place appropriate physical, electronic and managerial procedures
to safeguard the information we collect. This website, its content and any contracts arisen out of it are governed by and in accordance with
English law. All contracts are conducted in English and by entering into a contract both parties agree to submit to the exclusive
jurisdiction of the courts of England and Wales.
We ship worldwide, with some minor exclusions.
Orders must be paid for by Visa (except Visa Electron), Mastercard, Maestro, Switch, American Express or PayPal. Local import duties may be payable on receipt. VAT is only charged on items delivered within the UK. Should you be an International customer and have a tax question, we would recommend contacting your local tax office. Please note however that this site and its contents do not form an agreement between OFFICE and a customer in a jurisdiction in which the products offered for sale would go against any local, regional or national laws. If you know that it would be illegal for us to sell our products in your country, please do not order items from our site as we cannot be held responsible.
Should you be paying by Credit or Debit card, your bank may place a pending hold on these funds. This is out of the
control of OFFICE. This payment will be released when payment for your order is requested by OFFICE, this is at the point your item is
dispatched.
OFFICE reserves the right to refuse any order.
UK Next Day and UK Standard delivery orders will be delivered by Yodel. Your
items will be out for delivery between 7am and 6pm Monday-Friday (excluding Bank Holidays). On receipt of the goods a signature will be
required. If nobody is available at the address specified, the courier will attempt to have the parcel signed for and left with a neighbour,
a card will be left giving you the location of your goods.
QUANTITY RESTRICTIONS & BULK BUYING
Selected products are limited to one purchase (pair) per customer. This is stated clearly in the product
description.
Any customers placing more than one order or placing an order for more than one unit of these restricted products
will have their orders cancelled.
Should we suspect customers are buying items in bulk, and not for personal use, these orders may be cancelled. OFFICE
have right to cancel any items they feel are being purchased for re-sell or wholesale.
USER GENERATED CONTENT
The OFFICE Shoes Website (“our
Website”) allows you to upload photographs and/or videos and features photographs and videos from Instagram that contain the hashtag #officeloves or #officeshoes (in relation to which you have responded #officelovesyes) (hereinafter referred to as a “Submission”) in our Website's gallery or any digitally or printed materials in-store. If your content, uploaded to our Website, or otherwise provided as a Submission on social media, is selected by OFFICE Shoes, it may be displayed or appear on our Website or as otherwise described in these Terms of Use for other users to see, together with your name and associated Instagram (if applicable) profile information (such as your handle and profile picture). OFFICE Shoes is under no obligation to feature or post any photograph or video on our Website or otherwise, but may do so at its sole discretion.
By uploading a Submission you retain your rights therein but you hereby grant to OFFICE Shoes a perpetual irrevocable, worldwide, non-exclusive, royalty-free, assignable, sublicenseable licence to use, edit, alter, reproduce, translate, publish and/or distribute the Submission and/or incorporate it in other works on the OFFICE Shoes Websites, apps, emails and social-media channels, or in other products or services available through the Websites (the Websites and the products and services collectively referred to as the “Services”), and in-store on digital screens or printed materials for publicity purposes and in advertising, marketing and/or promotional material without additional compensation or prior notice using any and all media or distribution methods (now known or later developed). We also reserve the right to display any Submission, as well as your name, Instagram handle, profile picture, image, statements or other information, in any form, media, or technology, whether now known or hereafter developed, alone or as part of other works without further notice or compensation to you.
You understand that this licence means your Submission may be made available by OFFICE Shoes worldwide on the Services and that other users of the Services (individuals and companies) can also share and make your photos available on social media platforms or other services. OFFICE Shoes shall retain the rights granted in each Submission even if the Submission is disqualified or fails to meet the Submission requirements. If you do not want to grant the permissions set out above, then please do not submit or share your photos.
By making your Submission you warrant and represent that you have the right to grant the licence described above. In particular, you promise that you have obtained the permission of all the people featured in the photo (and, if they are under 18, their parents and/or guardians as well) to allow OFFICE Shoes and other users of the Services to use the Submission. To the extent permitted by law, you also agree to waive your moral rights in relation to any Submission made.
When you make a Submission, you acknowledge and agree that such Submission will be non-proprietary and non-confidential, may be made available to the general public, and may be used by OFFICE Shoes without restriction. You represent and warrant that your provision of a Submission through OFFICE Shoes complies with all applicable laws, rules and regulations, Instagram's Terms of Use and any third-party agreements to which you are subject. To the fullest extent permitted by applicable law, you further irrevocably waive any and all legal and equitable rights relating to all liabilities, claims, demands, actions, suits, damages and expenses, including but not limited to claims for copyright or trademark infringement, infringement of "moral rights", defamation, invasion of rights of privacy, rights of publicity, intrusion, false light, public disclosure of private facts, physical or emotional injury or distress or any similar claim or cause of action under any applicable law or under any legal theory (“Claims”) arising directly or indirectly from OFFICE Shoe’s exercise of its rights under these Terms of Use and the use and exploitation of any Submission, and whether resulting in whole or in part by the negligence of OFFICE Shoes or any other person and you covenant not to make or bring any such Claim against OFFICE Shoes or our parents, affiliates, licensees, licensors, and each of their respective officers, directors, employees, successors, agents and assigns, and forever release and discharge all such parties from liability under such Claims. This section will survive termination of this Agreement for any reason.
ABOUT THE OFFICE WEBSITE
INTELLECTUAL PROPERTY RIGHTS
All materials, including images, illustrations, designs, site layout, photographs, written and other text or script
that are part of this site together with all software compilations, underlying source code and software in the site are protected by
copyright, trade mark, design right and/or other worldwide intellectual property rights and are owned or controlled by or licensed to
OFFICE. Any use of this website or its contents, including copying or storing it, in part or in whole, other than for your own lawful,
personal, non-commercial use is prohibited without the prior permission of OFFICE. You may not reproduce, publish, transmit, publicly
perform, distribute, display, modify, adapt, bundle, alter, create derivative works of the site, sell or participate in any sale of or
exploit in any way, any of the contents, the site, or any related software in whole or in part without our express prior written
permission.
ACCURACY OF CONTENT
To the extent permitted by law, OFFICE gives no warranties in relation to the website, in particular with limitation,
any warranties regarding the accuracy of descriptions and illustrations of items in the website.
We have taken all reasonable precautions to ensure that the information provided within this website is accurate; in
particular that prices shown are correct at the time of publishing and that all items have been fairly described. Whilst all reasonable
effort has been taken to display items colours accurately, we cannot guarantee that your monitor's display will accurately reflect this.
All sizes and measurements are approximate; however we do make every effort to ensure they are as accurate as
possible. Unless otherwise stated, sizes indicated are UK sizes.
We reserve the right to change at any time any of the details of the items on the site, including prices, colours and
sizes.
PRICES AND PROMOTIONS
Prices are set out on the website and include VAT for items delivered within the UK but exclusive of delivery
charges.
Items shipped internationally are not charge VAT.
Should you have a Tax enquiry, and your item has been shipped internationally,
we’d suggest contacting your local tax office. We reserve the right to alter prices at any time.
If we discover an error in the price or description of an item you have ordered (it happens!), we may cancel your
order at any time up to the point we send the item(s) to you. We will contact you where we become aware of an error and ask you whether you
wish to continue with your order at the correct price or cancel it. If we do cancel your order you will receive a full refund of any charges
paid in advance.
We continually update our online store. From time to time our retail stores may run special local promotions (which
may not be available on our website) or we may offer special promotions online that are not available in the retail stores. For these
reasons you may sometimes find that products on our Web site are priced differently to those in our stores. Some website promotions may not
be available to customers in particular jurisdictions.
FREE UK DELIVERY
Free UK standard delivery on all full price products, this applies to UK mainland deliveries only. OFFICE reserve the right to end this offer at any time without notice.
FREE COLLECT+ DELIVERY
CollectPlus is FREE for full price items and £3.50 for any reduced items.
This is a promotional offer and OFFICE
have the right to remove this at anytime without notice.
CollectPlus will deliver into your nominated collection point and you will be contacted by email and SMS to advise when your collection is
ready.
This will only be held for 10 days prior to being returned to OFFICE where a refund will be processed.
ID must be provided at the point of collection, full information on this can be found here and within your collection emails. All deliveries are subject to stock
availability and a signature will be required at the collection point.
DAMAGE TO YOUR COMPUTER
We do our best to keep our site up to date but cannot guarantee that the site and its contents are completely free of
technical errors, viruses or anything else that may have a harmful effect on your computer or any technology. By using the site, you
acknowledge that you assume full responsibility for all costs associated with any necessary servicing or repairs of any equipment that you
use in connection with OFFICE's site. Of course, this statement does not affect your statutory rights as a customer.
LIMITATION OF LIABILITY
To the extent permitted by law, OFFICE will have no liability to you in contract, tort (including negligence) or
otherwise for any loss (including loss of profit), cost or damage (whether indirect, consequential, or otherwise) suffered as a result of
your use of the website or from use of information passed through the website, even if we are aware of the possibility of such loss.
Additionally, we shall also not be liable to you for a breach of these terms and conditions or a failure to perform if the delay or failure
is due to a cause beyond our reasonable control.
OFFICE's total liability for any claim howsoever arising shall not exceed the price paid for the goods supplied by
OFFICE to the customer, together with any postage costs incurred. We do not however exclude or limit our liability in respect of death or
personal injury caused by our negligence or for fraud or fraudulent misrepresentation.
ACCOUNT SECURITY
You must use the site for lawful purposes only. By registering with us you recognise that you are responsible for all
access made to the site using the log in details that you provide us with. It is your responsibility that you ensure that all information
with regards to your account is kept confidential. We shall not accept responsibility for any loss or damage as a result of you not keeping
all such information confidential.
MESSAGES DISCLAIMER
You must not submit any messages to the site that are defamatory, offensive, menacing, abusive, obscene, racist, or
likely to cause nuisance, offence or embarrassment, damage or inconvenience to either us or our customers, or are in any other way
objectionable or illegal. We retain the right to reject any order you may place and remove any such comments placed by you.
SUSPENSION OF SITE
We reserve the right to suspend your use of the website at any time to perform essential maintenance, change details
and to remove any inaccurate or unauthorised material, and also to terminate your use of the website if you breach any of these terms and
conditions. OFFICE will also do its best to allow you uninterrupted access to the site 24 hours per day, but access may be suspended,
restricted or terminated at any time.
JURISDICTION OF SITE
This website, its content and any contracts arising out of it are governed by and construed in accordance with
English law. By entering into a contract with OFFICE you agree to submit to the exclusive jurisdiction of the courts of England and
Wales.
PROMOTION CODES
You can redeem your Promotion codes by entering your it in the supplied field at checkout and then click the 'apply
code' button. Where you use a valid promotion code, the following additional terms and conditions apply on the discounts:
Promotion codes will only be available within the conditions stated in the offer
Promotion codes are only valid until the date published
Promotion codes are only redeemable for purchases made on this website (office.co.uk)
Promotion codes are not refundable
Only one Promotion codes may be used per customer per transaction.
We reserve the right to end any Promotion codes at any time including prior to the advertised end date
without notice.
THE OFFICE MAGAZINE AND OTHER DIRECT MAIL MATERIALS
All prices are correct at the time of going to press and OFFICE is not liable to honour any misprints that may have
occurred.
All competitions and promotional activities are subject to changes at any time, please refer to their terms and
conditions.
CONTACT US
If you have any questions, please feel free to read our FAQs.
If you still require help, you can contact us on Live
Help, Email or Social here.
OFFICE Live Help
OFFICE Live Help is provided by LogMeIn and is operated by our Customer Service Department.
While you are using OFFICE Live Help, you are in a live text conversation with a member of the OFFICE
Customer Service Team. All text conversations are recorded and stored for training and monitoring purpose. This information is only shared
with LogMeIn as the provider of our Live Help platform. We do not sell or share any OFFICE Live Help chat information with 3rd parties. All
pre-chat information is also stored, this is the name and email address you choose to give when initially using OFFICE Live Help. Your IP
address and choice of web browser will also be obtained at the point you select to use OFFICE Live Help.
At no point during your OFFICE Live Help conversation will you be asked to provide Credit or Debit card
details or any password sensitive information.
At the end of each OFFICE Live Help engagement, you can select to have a transcript of the conversation sent
onto yourself. This is for your records and is an exact copy of the information OFFICE will hold on record for the transcript.
Any abuse of the Live Help environment will result in the chat being ended and potentially blocked use of the
Live Help function.