https://www.larryadler.com/privacy-policy
Menu
Skiing & Snowboarding
Featured NEW ARRIVALS ON SALE WORKSHOP
Equipment Skis Ski Boots Ski Bindings Ski Poles Snowboards Snowboard Bindings Snowboard Boots Helmets Apre Boots
Clothing Jackets Pants Suits Coats Thermals / Base layer Fleece & Sweaters
Accessories Socks Goggles Sunglasses Headwear Gloves & Mitts Tuning & Waxes Helmet Covers Heaters Fabric Protection Snow Gifts
Luggage Ski & Snowboarding Bags Wheelie Bags Boot Bags
Skiing & Snowboarding
Featured
NEW ARRIVALS
ON SALE
WORKSHOP
Equipment
Skis
Ski Boots
Ski Bindings
Ski Poles
Snowboards
Snowboard Bindings
Snowboard Boots
Helmets
Apre Boots
Clothing
Jackets
Pants
Suits
Coats
Thermals / Base layer
Fleece & Sweaters
Accessories
Socks
Goggles
Sunglasses
Headwear
Gloves & Mitts
Tuning & Waxes
Helmet Covers
Heaters
Fabric Protection
Snow Gifts
Luggage
Ski & Snowboarding Bags
Wheelie Bags
Boot Bags
Outdoor & Travel
Featured NEW ARRIVALS ON SALE
Equipment Tents Sleeping Bags Mats & Bedding Lighting Camping equipment Trekking Poles Cross Training shoes Boot Hiking & Casual Sandals & Thongs
Clothing Rainwear Travel Coats Thermal Underwear Fleece & Sweaters Shirts & Tops Pants & Shorts Cycling Belts
Accessories Camping Accessories Travel Accessories Fabric Protection Beach & Swim Headwear Socks Hydration Accessories Pack Accessories Wallets
Luggage Day Packs Travel Bags Lumbar Packs
Outdoor & Travel
Featured
NEW ARRIVALS
ON SALE
Equipment
Tents
Sleeping Bags
Mats & Bedding
Lighting
Camping equipment
Trekking Poles
Cross Training shoes
Boot Hiking & Casual
Sandals & Thongs
Clothing
Rainwear
Travel Coats
Thermal Underwear
Fleece & Sweaters
Shirts & Tops
Pants & Shorts
Cycling
Belts
Accessories
Camping Accessories
Travel Accessories
Fabric Protection
Beach & Swim
Headwear
Socks
Hydration Accessories
Pack Accessories
Wallets
Luggage
Day Packs
Travel Bags
Lumbar Packs
Brands
Featured NEW ARRIVALS
A - E Alpenheat Atomic Arcteryx Birkenstock Bogner Camelbak Coolcasc Cycology Dalbello Dale of Norway Deuter DC Deeluxe Douchebag EMU
F - L Flashgeo Flow Grisport Havaianas Helly Hansen Hoka Holmenkol Icebreaker K2 Keen Khombu Kimberfeel Kjus Level
M - R Marker Montbell Nidecker Oakley Olang Quiksilver Ride R.M Williams Rossignol Roxy
S - Z Salomon Sea To Summit Shelta Strolz Smith Tecnica Thirty Two Timberland Tittallon Volkl
Brands
Featured
NEW ARRIVALS
A - E
Alpenheat
Atomic
Arcteryx
Birkenstock
Bogner
Camelbak
Coolcasc
Cycology
Dalbello
Dale of Norway
Deuter
DC
Deeluxe
Douchebag
EMU
F - L
Flashgeo
Flow
Grisport
Havaianas
Helly Hansen
Hoka
Holmenkol
Icebreaker
K2
Keen
Khombu
Kimberfeel
Kjus
Level
M - R
Marker
Montbell
Nidecker
Oakley
Olang
Quiksilver
Ride
R.M Williams
Rossignol
Roxy
S - Z
Salomon
Sea To Summit
Shelta
Strolz
Smith
Tecnica
Thirty Two
Timberland
Tittallon
Volkl
SALE
Ski Hire
Workshop
Boot Fitting
Stores
Contact
Account
Home
Privacy Policy
Privacy Policy
In the course of using this site you may provide Larry Adler Ski and Outdoor with personal information. Larry Adler Ski and Outdoor will use all reasonable measures to protect any such information from being used for any other purpose other than the provision of Larry Adler Ski and Outdoor or any Related Body products or services.
Security of Captured Data
When capturing customer data it is passed through a secure Larry Adler Ski and Outdoor server using encryption technology to ensure that your information is protected when being sent over the Internet. This also applies to information that may be collected for Larry Adler Ski and Outdoor by an agency ie. when entering a competition, where it will also be passed through a secure server.
Additionally, all stored customer information is protected from unauthorised access through the use of secure passwords and user log ons or other security procedures.
Registered Users
If you have not registered you must not attempt to access any part of the site reserved for registered users. Services made available in those sections are not open to you unless you are a registered user.
Use of "Session cookies" as part of the identification process
What are "Cookies" and why use them?
There are two types of cookies used by our web sites, "Session Cookies" and "Persistent Cookies". Cookies do not endanger your computer or operating system. A cookie is just a simple text file, which does not have anything to do with computer viruses!
Session Cookies: In order to uniquely identify you and guarantee the security of your personal data within our secure services, the use of cookies keeps your access information in a temporary cookie during your working session. The cookie stores only the user data, which you use to identify yourself.
The cookie is deleted after you log off or when you close the Internet browser. The data stored within the cookie is therefore only held in your computer's memory for a short period of time, during your working session.
Persistent Cookies are those that are stored on your computer even after you close your browser. We use persistent cookies so that we can collect anonymous data on what pages are being viewed on our web sites so that we can deliver content that better meets our customer needs.
For each visitor to our web sites we collect the following statistical data: · Page Visited · Page you came from · Date and time of VisitThis data is stored in a secure database and is only used internally to provide reporting on traffic patterns within our web sites. This data is only accessible by those people requiring it to produce reports and will not be provided to any third parties. All data logged is anonymous and no attempt will be made to identify individual users.
This site uses Remarketing with Google Analytics and Google Display Network Impression Reporting.
Remarketing with Google Analytics enables third-party sites such as Google to show ads for LarryAdler.com across the internet. First-party cookies including Google Analytics cookies, and third-party cookies, including the DoubleClick cookie are used together to inform, optimise and serve ads based on past visits to LarryAdler.com.
Google Display Network Impression Reporting uses first-party and third-party cookies to report how ad impressions, ad services and interactions with these ad impressions and ad services are related to visits to LarryAdler.com.
You may opt-out of Google Analytics for Display Advertising and customise Google Display Network ads using Google Ad Settings.
Site by webqem