http://www.chinalane.com/privacy-policy
Shopping cart
(0)
You have no items in your shopping cart.
Register
Log in
Wishlist
(0)
Menu
Search
Filters
Close
Shop Your Pattern
About Us
My account
Contact us
Menu
Shop Your Pattern
About Us
My account
Contact us
GET STARTED!
Find Your Manufacturer:
A
B
C
D
E
F
G
H
I
J
K
L
M
N
O
P
Q
R
S
T
U
V
W
X
Y
Z
Privacy Policy
China Lane is committed to protecting your privacy and developing technology that gives you the most powerful and safe online experience. This Statement of Privacy applies to the China Lane Web site and governs data collection and usage. By using the China Lane website, you consent to the data practices described in this statement.
Collection of your Personal InformationChina Lane collects personally identifiable information, such as your e-mail address, name, home or work address or telephone number. China Lane also collects anonymous demographic information, which is not unique to you, such as your ZIP code, age, gender, preferences, interests and favorites.
There is also information about your computer hardware and software that is automatically collected by China Lane. This information can include: your IP address, browser type, domain names, access times and referring Web site addresses. This information is used by China Lane for the operation of the service, to maintain quality of the service, and to provide general statistics regarding use of the China Lane Web site.
Please keep in mind that if you directly disclose personally identifiable information or personally sensitive data through China Lane public message boards, this information may be collected and used by others. Note: China Lane does not read any of your private online communications.
China Lane encourages you to review the privacy statements of Web sites you choose to link to from China Lane so that you can understand how those Web sites collect, use and share your information. China Lane is not responsible for the privacy statements or other content on Web sites outside of the China Lane and China Lane family of Web sites.
Use of your Personal InformationChina Lane collects and uses your personal information to operate the China Lane Web site and deliver the services you have requested. China Lane also uses your personally identifiable information to inform you of other products or services available from China Lane and its affiliates. China Lane may also contact you via surveys to conduct research about your opinion of current services or of potential new services that may be offered.
China Lane does not sell, rent or lease its customer lists to third parties. China Lane may, from time to time, contact you on behalf of external business partners about a particular offering that may be of interest to you. In those cases, your unique personally identifiable information (e-mail, name, address, telephone number) is not transferred to the third party. In addition, China Lane may share data with trusted partners to help us perform statistical analysis, send you email or postal mail, provide customer support, or arrange for deliveries. All such third parties are prohibited from using your personal information except to provide these services to China Lane, and they are required to maintain the confidentiality of your information.
China Lane does not use or disclose sensitive personal information, such as race, religion, or political affiliations, without your explicit consent.
China Lane keeps track of the Web sites and pages our customers visit within China Lane, in order to determine what China Lane services are the most popular. This data is used to deliver customized content and advertising within China Lane to customers whose behavior indicates that they are interested in a particular subject area.China Lane Web sites will disclose your personal information, without notice, only if required to do so by law or in the good faith belief that such action is necessary to: (a) conform to the edicts of the law or comply with legal process served on China Lane or the site; (b) protect and defend the rights or property of China Lane; and, (c) act under exigent circumstances to protect the personal safety of users of China Lane, or the public.
Use of CookiesThe China Lane Web site use "cookies" to help you personalize your online experience. A cookie is a text file that is placed on your hard disk by a Web page server. Cookies cannot be used to run programs or deliver viruses to your computer. Cookies are uniquely assigned to you, and can only be read by a web server in the domain that issued the cookie to you.
One of the primary purposes of cookies is to provide a convenience feature to save you time. The purpose of a cookie is to tell the Web server that you have returned to a specific page. For example, if you personalize China Lane pages, or register with China Lane site or services, a cookie helps China Lane to recall your specific information on subsequent visits. This simplifies the process of recording your personal information, such as billing addresses, shipping addresses, and so on. When you return to the same China Lane Web site, the information you previously provided can be retrieved, so you can easily use the China Lane features that you customized.You have the ability to accept or decline cookies. Most Web browsers automatically accept cookies, but you can usually modify your browser setting to decline cookies if you prefer. If you choose to decline cookies, you may not be able to fully experience the interactive features of the China Lane services or Web sites you visit.
Security of your Personal InformationChina Lane secures your personal information from unauthorized access, use or disclosure. China Lane secures the personally identifiable information you provide on computer servers in a controlled, secure environment, protected from unauthorized access, use or disclosure. When personal information (such as a credit card number) is transmitted to other Web sites, it is protected through the use of encryption, such as the Secure Socket Layer (SSL) protocol.
Changes to this StatementChina Lane will occasionally update this Statement of Privacy to reflect company and customer feedback. China Lane encourages you to periodically review this Statement to be informed of how China Lane is protecting your information.
Contact InformationChina Lane welcomes your comments regarding this Statement of Privacy. If you believe that China Lane has not adhered to this Statement, please contact China Lane at info@chinalane.com. We will use commercially reasonable efforts to promptly determine and remedy the problem.
Contact
+444 (Phone) 123456
+555 (Mobile) 321654
info[at]store.com
motion_theme
Welcome to Chinalane Superstore
Online shopping is the process consumers go through to purchase products or services over the Internet. You can edit this in the admin site.
If you have questions, see the Documentation, or post in the Forums at nopCommerce.com
Social
Newsletter
Company Info
Conditions of use
Privacy Policy
Shipping & Returns
About Us
Customer services
Contact us
FAQ
Sitemap
Help
My account
Customer info
Addresses
Orders
Wishlist
Our Offers
New products
Recently viewed products
Compare products list
Search
Copyright © 2020 China Lane. All rights reserved.
Powered by nopCommerce