https://www.tlccreations.com/index.php?main_page=conditions
Home
Log In
Its Time to Celebrate!
Categories
Hand Felted Sculptures3
Handmade Greeting Cards11
Needle Felted Paintings1
Candy Wrappers Without Candy->375
Hersheys Kisses Labels1
Mint Books1
Window and Wall Stickers4
Featured Products ...
All Products ...
Reviews  [more]
Wow I just received my order and I'm super impressed! The...
Information
Shipping & Returns
Privacy Notice
Conditions of Use
Contact Us
Site Map
Gift Certificate FAQ
Discount Coupons
Newsletter Unsubscribe
More Information
Proofing
Candy wrapping Instructions
Custom Made Items
Social Share
Home
Conditions of Use
Conditions of Use
Terms
and Conditions
Please
read these terms and conditions ("terms", "terms and
conditions") carefully before using https://www.tlccreations.com website
(the "service") operated by TLC Creations ("us", 'we",
"our").
Conditions
of Use
We
will provide their services to you, which are subject to the conditions stated
below in this document. Every time you visit this website, use its services or
make a purchase, you accept the following conditions. This is why we urge you to
read them carefully.
Privacy
Policy
Before
you continue using our website we advise you to read our privacy
policy regarding our user data collection. It will help you better
understand our practices.
Copyright
Content
published on this website (digital downloads, images, texts, graphics, logos) is
the property of TLC Creations and/or its content creators and protected by
international copyright laws. The entire compilation of the content found on
this website is the exclusive property of TLC Creations, with copyright
authorship for this compilation by TLC Creations.
Communications
The
entire communication with us is electronic. Every time you send us an email or
visit our website, you are going to be communicating with us. You hereby consent
to receive communications from us. If you subscribe to the news on our website,
you are going to receive regular emails from us. We will continue to communicate
with you by posting news and notices on our website and by sending you emails.
You also agree that all notices, disclosures, agreements and other
communications we provide to you electronically meet the legal requirements that
such communications be in writing.
Applicable
Law
By
visiting this website, you agree that the laws of the state of Missouri, without
regard to principles of conflict laws, will govern these terms and conditions,
or any dispute of any sort that might come between TLC Creations and you, or its
business partners and associates.
Disputes
Any
dispute related in any way to your visit to this website or to products you
purchase from us shall be arbitrated by state or federal court of Missouri and
you consent to exclusive jurisdiction and venue of such courts.
Comments,
Reviews, and Emails
Visitors
may post content as long as it is not obscene, illegal, defamatory, threatening,
infringing of intellectual property rights, invasive of privacy or injurious in
any other way to third parties. Content has to be free of software viruses,
political campaign, and commercial solicitation.
We
reserve all rights (but not the obligation) to remove and/or edit such content.
When you post your content, you grant TLC Creations non-exclusive, royalty-free
and irrevocable right to use, reproduce, publish, modify such content throughout
the world in any media.
License
and Site Access
We
grant you a limited license to access and make personal use of this website. You
are not allowed to download or modify it. This may be done only with written
consent from us.
User
Account
If
you are an owner of an account on this website, you are solely responsible for
maintaining the confidentiality of your private user details (username and
password). You are responsible for all activities that occur under your account
or password.
We
reserve all rights to terminate accounts, edit or remove content and cancel
orders in their sole discretion.
Back
Search
Advanced Search
Bestsellers
Gold Bells n Ribbon Anniversary...
Patriotic Eagle Patriotic Candy...
Custom Mint Book
St Louis Arch Wedding Candy...
Heart n Ribbon Wedding Candy...
Who's Online
There currently are 3 guests online.
Home
Copyright © 2020 TLC Creations. Powered by Zen CartTrademarks indicate products manufactured by Hershey Foods Corporation.
There is no affiliation between Hershey Foods Corporation, its divisions or subsidiaries, and TLC Creations.