http://www.everythingquilts.com/termsofservice.aspx
HomeAbout UsContact UsTerms of ServicePrivacy PolicyFree PatternsePatternsShippingLoginView Cart
On SALE Today
Fabric Essentials
View ALL Fabrics
View Fabrics by the Yard
View by Fabric Theme
Animal, Bird & Bugs
Anything Goes Fun Fabrics
Asian Inspired
Basics and Tone-on-Tone Fabrics
Batik and Hand-dyed Fabrics
Children Themed Fabrics
Digital Fabric
Dots & Stripes Fabric
Fabric Panels
Flannel Quilt Fabrics
Floral Fabrics
Food Inspired Fabrics
Landscape Fabrics
Metallic Fabrics
Minkee Fabric & Projects
Moda Marble Fabrics
Moda Bella Solids
Modern Quilt Fabrics
Neutral Fabrics
Rainbow Spectrum Fabrics
Seasonal & Holiday Fabrics
Simply Solids Fabric
Stonehenge Fabrics
Swirls & Twirls Fabrics
View Fabric by Color
Rainbow Spectrum
Black Theme Fabrics
Blue Theme Fabrics
Brown Theme Fabrics
Gray Theme Fabrics
Green Theme Fabrics
Off-White Theme Fabrics
Orange Quilt Fabrics
Pink Quilt Fabrics
Purple Theme Fabrics
Red Theme Fabrics
White Theme Fabrics
Yellow Quilt Fabrics
Specialty Fabric
End-of-Bolt Sale
Wide Backing Fabric
Pre-Made Bias Binding
Pre-Cut Fabrics
View ALL Pre-Cut Fabrics
Jelly Rolls 2.5" Strips
Layer Cakes 10" x 10"
Charm Packs 5" x 5"
Mini-Charms 2.5" x 2.5"
Watercolor 2" x 2"
Fat Quarters & Bundles
Pre-Made Bias Binding
Pre-Cut Quilt Kits
Pre-Cut Fabric Patterns
Quilt Kits
View ALL Quilt Kits
Quick Pieced Quilt Kits
Pre-Cut Quilt Kits - Ready to Sew
Applique Kits - Pre-cut & Pre-Fused
Jacqueline deJonge - Be Colourful Kits
McKenna Ryan - Pine Needle Kits
Block-of-the Month Quilts
Mug Rug Kits
Flower Fairies
Ornament Ball Kits - EQ Exclusive!
Pixie Party Quilt Kits
Watercolor Quilting Kits
Wool Quilt Kits & Projects
Quilt Kits Under $50
Block-of-the-Month Quilts
Mug Rug Kits
Fabric Clubs & More
Ornament Ball Kits
Quilter's Note Cards
View By Manufacturer
Applique Kits
Backing Fabric for Quilts
Batting for Quilts
Beads & Embellish
Beginner Quilting
Bias Binding
Block-of-the-Month Quilts
Mug Rug Kits
Book Shelf
DVDs for Quilting
Design Walls
Digital Fabrics
Electric Quilt
Elm Creek Quilts
ePatterns (PDF Download)
Fabric by the Yard
Fabric Clubs
Fabric Panels
Finishing Your Quilt
Beginner Quilting
Wide Quilt Backing Fabric
Pre-Made Bias Binding
Quilt Labels
Thread
Note Cards
Flowers Fairies
FREE Patterns
Gifts for Quilters
Gifts Certificates
Lay-A-Way
Machine Embroidery
Mug Rug Kits
Needles & Pins
Note Cards for Quilters
Notions & Sewing Supplies
Ornament Ball Kits
Patterns & Projects
View ALL Patterns
ePatterns (PDF Download)
Animal, Birds & Bugs
BOM Pattern Sets
Applique Patterns
Children & Baby
Craft Patterns
Doll Clothes Patterns & Emb
Free Patterns (PDF Download )
Floral Patterns
Home Décor Patterns
Hot Pads & Pot Holders
Landscape Patterns
Memory Quilts
Modern Quilt Patterns
Ornament Ball Kits
Paper-Pieced Patterns
Patriotic Patterns
Pieced Patterns-Machine/Hand
Pre-Cut Fabric Patterns
Rag Quilt Patterns
Pincushions
Religious Patterns
Seasonal & Holiday Patterns
Stained Glass Patterns
Totes & Handbags Patterns
T-Shirt Quilt Patterns
Watercolor Patterns
Wearables Patterns
The Pixie Party
Pre-Cut Fabrics
View ALL Pre-Cut Fabrics
Jelly Rolls 2.5" Strips
Layer Cakes 10" x 10"
Charm Packs 5" x 5"
Mini-Charms 2.5" x 2.5"
Watercolor 2" x 2"
Fat Quarters & Bundles
Pre-Made Bias Binding
Pre-Cut Quilt Kits
Pre-Cut Fabric Patterns
Pre-Cut Quilt Kits
Pre-Made Bias Binding
Quilt Kits
View ALL Quilt Kits
Quick Pieced Quilt Kits
Pre-Cut Quilt Kits - Ready to Sew
Applique Kits - Pre-cut & Pre-Fused
Jacqueline deJonge - Be Colourful Kits
McKenna Ryan - Pine Needle Kits
Block-of-the Month Quilts
Mug Rug Kits
Flower Fairies
Pixie Party Quilt Kits
Ornament Ball Kits
Watercolor Quilting Kits
Wool Quilt Kits & Projects
Quilt Kits Under $50
Quilt Labels
Row By Row Experience
Sewline Tools
Software & DVD
Templates & Rulers
Thread
Watercolor Quilting
Wide Quilt Backing Fabric
Animals, Birds & Bugs
BeColourful
Bundles of Savings
Children and Baby
Doll Clothes Patterns & Emb
Finishing Your Quilt
Beginner Quilting
Wide Quilt Backing Fabric
Pre-Made Bias Binding
Quilt Labels
Thread
Note Cards
Flowers Fairies
Great Buys Under $30
Hot Pads & Pot Holders
Love & Sweets
Man Cave Quilts
Memory Quilts
Minkee Fabric & Projects
A Modern Affair
Ornament Ball Kits
Patchwork Party
Patterns & Projects
Pre-Cut Fabric Patterns
The Pixie Party
Quilt Kits
View ALL Quilt Kits
Quick Pieced Quilt Kits
Pre-Cut Quilt Kits - Ready to Sew
Applique Kits - Pre-cut & Pre-Fused
Jacqueline deJonge - Be Colourful Kits
McKenna Ryan - Pine Needle Kits
Block-of-the Month Quilts
Ornament Ball Kits - EQ Exclusive!
Pixie Party Quilt Kits
Watercolor Quilting Kits
Wool Quilt Kits & Projects
Quilt Kits Under $50
Pre-Cut Quilt Kits
Quilt & Sewing Whimsy
Rainbow of Color
Row By Row Experience
Seasonal & Holiday
Simply Solids
Stonehenge Fabrics
Swirls & Twirls
Totes & Handbags
T-Shirt Quilts
Watercolor Quilting
Wearables
Wool Quilt Kits & Projects
Select ...
American Quilter's Society
Amy Bradley Designs
Anita Goodesign
Anthology Fabrics
Antler Quilt Design
Art Bin
Art Gallery Fabric
Atkinson Designs
Aurifil Thread
Bear Paw Productions
Bear Threads Designs
BeColourful & Jacqueline deJonge
Benartex Fabric
Black Cat Creations - Nancy Altsman
Blank Textiles Fabric
Bosal
Buttons Galore & More
C&T Publishing
Carol Doak
Cheryl Ann
Cindi McCracken Designs
Clover
CM Designs
Cozy Quilts
Cozy Quilts Design
Crabapple Hill Studio - Meg Hawkey
Creative Grid Rulers
Cut Loose Press Patterns
Debbie's Creative Moments
Design Originals
Diane Phalen
Dill
Dress it Up In Buttons
Dritz - Kai
Edyta Sitar - Laundry Basket Quilts
Electric Quilt
Elisa's Backporch
Elizabeth's Studio
Everything Quilts
Fabric Fanatics
Fons and Porter
Free Spirit Fabrics
From My Heart to Your Hands
General Fabric
Hobbs Batting
Hoffman Fabric
In the Beginning Fabrics
Indigo Junction
Island Batiks Fabric
Java House Quilts
Jaybird Quilts - Julie Herman
Jennifer Chiaverini
Jody Houghton Designs
John James
Judy Martin
June Taylor
Just Another Button Company
Kanvas by Benartex
Karen Kay Buckley
Kimberbell Designs - Kim Christopherson
Lazy Girl Designs
Lecien Japan Inc
Lori Holt Designs
Lumenaris
Marcus Brothers Fabric
Marti Michell Templates
Mary Ellens
Maywood Studio Fabric
McKenna Ryan - Pine Needles
Me & My Sister Designs
Mettler Thread
Michael Miller Fabric
Minick & Simpson
Missouri Star Quilt Company
MJ Kinman
Moda Fabric
Nancy Halvorsen / Art To Heart
Noble Notions
Northcott Fabric
Olfa
Omnigrid
P3 Designs
Paintbrush Studio Fabric
Patsy Thompson Designs
Pellon
Piece O'Cake
Pieces Be With You
Possibilities
Presencia Thread
Primitive Gatherings by Lisa Bongean
Princess Mirah Batiks
Print Concepts Fabric
Printed Treasures
Quilt In A Day
Quilters Dream Batting
Quilter's Touch
Quilting Treasures Fabric
Quiltsmart
Quiltworx Judy Niemeyer
Rachels of Greenfield
Rag Merchant
Rebecca Barker Quiltscapes
Red Rooster Fabric
Riley Blake Designs
RJR Fabric
Robert Kaufman Fabric
Robison-Anton Thread
Sandy Brawner
Sara Metals
Schmetz
Sew Steady by Dream World
Sewline
Shannon Cuddle Fabrics
Simon And Schuster
Southwind Designs
Springs Creative
Stitches of Love
Stitchin Sisters
StoryQuilts
Studio E Fabric
Sulky
Superior Thread
Swirly Girl Designs
Taylor Made Designs
Teachers Pet
That Patchwork Place
The Gypsy Quilter
The Quilt Company
Therm O Web
Timeless Treasures Fabric
Tooltron
Tsukineko
Turning Twenty - Friendfolks
Twisted Sisters Designs
United Notions
Vanilla House Designs
Westminster Fabrics / Rowan
Whims
YLI
Zebra Patterns - Debra Gabel
<a href="#" onclick="window.open(" https:="" seals.networksolutions.com="" siteseal_seek="" siteseal?v_shortname="NETSP&amp;v_querytype=W&amp;v_search=www.everythingquilts.com&amp;x=5&amp;y=5","NETSP","width=450,height=500,toolbar=no,location=no,directories=no,status=no,menubar=no,scrollbars=no,copyhistory=no,resizable=no");return" false;"="">
Terms of Service
Everything Quilts has been bringing you dedicated customer service, quality products and secure online shopping since 2000.
As quilters ourselves, we share in your passion for quality cotton quilt fabrics, unique quilt kits and pre-cut fabrics, machine embroidery and sewing notions and tools.
Easy Online Ordering
You may choose to check out as a guest or create an account - it is your choice. We accept credit/debit card payments in the form of Visa, MasterCard, American Express and Discover (no other form of payment is accepted). Billing and shipping information, including your IP address are verified and validated with credit card information for every order. Everything Quilts reserves the right to ship to a billing address, or cancel an order if necessary for any reason. Click here to view details on Shipping.
Secure Shopping Cart
Security is the highest priority at Everything Quilts and you can rest assured that your information is protected when you shop with us. When you place an order with us, you are protected with an owned Network Solutions Secure Link SSL (not shared like some other companies). The Network Solutions secure socket layer (SSL) technology, encrypts personal information, including credit card data using an encrypted link between a web server and a browser. In fact, we provide a live status of our security seal in the left/right frames on our site. You may click on the Network Solutions SSL Security Seal above for updated information regarding the status of our SSL.
Everything Quilts protects credit and other information in accordance to with the payment card industry's best practice.
We work to be in full compliance and use best practices for the Payment Card Industry Data Security Standard (PCI DSS).
We Value Your Privacy
We respect your privacy - it is that simple. You have entrusted us with the following personal data and we committed to protecting your privacy and GDPR standards (European Union General Data Protection Regulation). For more information, please visit our Privacy Policy page. We do not share, sell or distribute our email lists. We reserve the right to use or disclose any personal information as needed to satisfy any law, regulation or legal request, to conduct investigations of consumer complaints or possible breaches of law, to protect the integrity of the site, or to fulfill your orders/requests, or to cooperate in any legal investigation. Please visit our Privacy Policy page for more detailed information.
Newsletter List
We value your privacy. It's that simple, we do not distribute share or sell customer or visitor information. You may unsubscribe from our e-Newsletter list at any time by simply clicking on the unsubscribe link within every newsletter, or contacting us directly.
Ordering at Everything Quilts
Our fabrics and products are all hand selected by quilters, for quilters so you are assured of quality products and services. Occasionally, due to availability, we may be out of a product and we may notify you that your order was placed on a Prepaid Back Order. We reserve the right to eliminate a product, limit the number of sales items, reduce a product quantity or substitute a similar product in your order. We update our site daily, but it may occasionally happen. We are unable to combine orders that are submitted separately. Orders that are cancelled by the customer after submitting will be subject to a cancellation fee based on the order amount and items ordered. Not all items are returnable - please read section Exchanges and Refunds below for detailed information. All information on this site, including merchandise, products and services are subject to change without notice.
We are pleased to offer you quality quilt kits and quilting and sewing supplies. Our cotton quilt fabrics are sold by the yard (36"), and pre-cut fabrics in half yards, quarter yards, and fat quarters, strips and squares. All fabrics are 100% cotton and are 38"-44" wide unless otherwise noted.
We optimize images for accuracy on a variety of monitors and settings. However, product images depicted on this site may or may not be accurately displayed on your computer monitor. It is important to read the item description and the color description when given. In order to assist you in your fabric selection, we would be happy to supply you with one fabric swatch at no charge. Everything Quilts is not liable for incorrect pattern or kit instructions and we recommend that before starting your project, that you check the designer's website for any corrections or updates.
Everything Quilts is not liable for orders that are not submitted successfully or received to our office. For orders not received by the customer that were processed and shipped to the address as listed on the the order, the customer must notify Everything Quilts and get a confirmation response within 14 days from date of the original sales order or customer will forfeit any claim thereafter.
Sales Tax
Orders shipped to addresses within the state of Colorado will have Sales Tax applied by Everything Quilts. Everything Quilts is not liable or responsible for applying, collecting or paying for sales tax from other states located outside Colorado. Orders shipped to other states within the USA may not be tax exempt, and you may be required to report and pay the sales tax due to to your city/state directly. Details of how to file a state sales tax or use tax return may be found on your state's department of revenue website.
Drop Ship Items
Drop shipped items, including cabinets, chairs and accessories will be delivered to customer's location and customer is responsible for bringing items into their building and unpacking and assembly if necessary. Drop ship orders including cabinets, chairs and accessories are unable to returned or refunded. Please note that there may be additional shipment charges incurred by the customer to the delivery agent for locations that require additional service for drop ship items (this is between you and the shipping agent). All warranty or other product concerns are to be directed to manufacturer.
Exchanges & Returns
Shopping at Everything Quilts gives you peace of mind that you are shopping from a company you can trust. If you determine that an order or part of an order is unsatisfactory and desire to make a return, you shall be allowed up to 14 days from the date of order submission to contact us for resolution. Merchandise that is defective or damaged will be promptly replaced. For goods returned for other reasons, approved items may be returned for a merchandise credit which excludes all shipping costs and may be subject to a 35% or higher restocking and handling fee for the returned items with an RMA number (return authrization number). A cancellation fee will also be applied if a customer cancels an order after it is submitted online and but before it ships out from our location. Please note that some items are not able to be returned so it is necessary to contact us first to receive a return authorization number (RMA). Non-authorized returns will not be accepted and marked as "return to sender". All fabric related items, drop ship items, batting, special, custom or drop ship orders, gift certificates, lay-a-ways or clubs are not returnable for either exchange or refund. We reserve the right to refuse an exchange on all items including, but not limited to software, patterns, quilt kits, batting, books, videos, special orders, cut fabric, clubs, block-of-the-months, and notions. No returns on special order, sale or discounted items. All pre-orders deposits for any merchandise is non-refundable unless we are unable to fulfill the order. No refunds, exchanges or returns on orders during COVID 19 Virus once the order has shipped out from our location. No refunds, exchanges or returns on orders outside the USA.
Promotions, Sales and Events
We offer our viewers and customers special promotions from time to time which may consist of merchandise coupons, gift certificates and/or merchandise in our online quilt store. Winners are notified via e-mail and have a limited amount of time in which they must reply back to us so we can send them the final confirmation. Shipping costs are the to be paid by winner unless otherwise specified by Everything Quilts. Winners must over 18 years of age and meet the following qualifications to be eligible to receive special promotions from Everything Quilts: be a resident of the USA, and agree to have name and state of residence published on this site. All promotions are subject to change without notice and will have a limited redemption period.
Fabric Clubs, Block-of-the-Month, Quilt-of-the-Month
We offer many different types of clubs at Everything Quilts. Please review the description listed on the club you are joining for specific details on the membership commitment including but not limited too, cost and duration of club, what the club includes, and if it is able to be cancelled and what is the cancellation requirement. Please note that we process clubs during the first two weeks of the month and they will promptly ship out thereafter. Please note that their may be exceptions for special events or holidays that we need to work around, or if your payment does successfully process. You will need to contact us by the last day of the current month's shipment if you do not receive it, and get a confirmation response by email from us. Please note that we may need to increase the price on your monthly club slightly based on vendor increases or shipping costs. Please note that if the tracking information for your shipment shows positive delivery to your location, you will need to contact the shipment agent to resolve it directly with them, and may need to purchase a replacement club pack if necessary. After the last day of the shipment month, Everything Quilts is not liable or responsible for claims made by customer thereafter including, but not limited to, lost, stolen or damaged shipments. Customers are responsible to keep their account information up to date and contacting us promptly to update their account prior to the 1st of the month. Late fees may be applied to any account that past due and accounts may be cancelled for billing or shipping related issues. You may also request to receive all billing & shipments at once, or in more frequent intervals if desired.
Here what others are saying about Everything Quilts
We sincerely appreciate your business! Click here to view our Customer Testimonials
Sign Up for e-News
and receive a free pattern!
Bundles of Savings
Your cart is empty.
EQ-LP-PLQ20146-WHITEFQ014ABD-QUILTSQUADEQ2410ABD290WOM-DREAMSWC-SILENTNIGHT141363BOM-BIRTHSTONES
Click for Savings
Click Here
Home
|
About Us
|
Terms of Service
|Privacy Policy| Login
| View Cart | Contact Us
© 2020 Everything Quilts - Quilt fabric and Quilt Kits Online Quilting and Sewing Store, All Rights Reserved.
Everything Quilts® Registered with U.S. Patent & Trademark Office
By entering this website and quilt webstore, you have read and agree to the Terms of Service / Privacy Policy and conditions posted on this website.
The content of this website and email is protected by national copyright and trademark laws.