http://www.awardshere.com/terms_privacy.asp
Skip to content
Years of Service Pins
Black and Gold Years Pins, Many Years / Months
Silver and Black, Service Award Years Pins
Silver and Blue, Service Award Pins, Post or Magnet
Magnetic Years of Service Pins
Custom Service Award Pins
Self-Adhesive Years of Service Awards
Gemstone Years of Service Pins
Rhinestone Service Award Pins
Years Pins with Stones
Crystal Service Award Pins
Torch Years of Service Pins
Custom, Engraved Awards & Gifts
Custom Lapel Pins
Safety & Transportation Pins
Nursing & Caring Pins
Medical Pins
Star Award Pins
Employee of the Month/Quarter/Year Pins
Performance, Attendance, Service & Eco Pins
Attendance Award Pins
Performance Award Pins
Motivational Pins
Sales & Service Pins
Equality, Volunteer & Inspirational Pins
Departmental Pins
Eco/Green Pins
Teamwork Pins
Education & Scholastic Pins
Gift Pouches & Pin Presentation Boxes
ID Card, Badge and Pin Holders
Custom, Engraved Awards & Gifts
Art Glass and Crystal Awards
Engraved Clocks
Pens, Pencils and Sets
Marble Awards and Paperweights
Acrylic Awards and Paperweights
Plaques
Desk/Name Plates
Clearance Products
Nav Menu 3
Nav Menu 4
Nav Menu 5
Nav Menu 6
Nav Menu 7
Nav Menu 8
QUANTITY DISCOUNTS
Privacy Policy
Who is the Data Controller?
Recognition Engraving & Awards, Ltd. is the “data controller” of personal data collected by all of Recognition Engraving & Awards, Ltd. and Recognition Engraving & Awards, Ltd. is responsible for deciding how personal data is collected, used, and disclosed.
You should be aware that when you provide information to us using a third-party site or platform, the information you provide may be separately collected by the third-party site or platform. The information we collect is covered by the Recognition Engraving & Awards, Ltd. Privacy Policy only, and the information the third-party site or platform collects is subject to the third-party site or platform’s privacy practices. Privacy choices you have made on the third-party site or platform will not apply to our use of the information we have collected directly through our Site or Services. Please also keep in mind that our Site and Services may contain links to other sites not owned or controlled by us and we are not responsible for the privacy practices of those sites. We encourage you to be aware when you leave our Site or Services and to read the policies of other sites that may collect your personal information.
How we collect information
We collect information you provide to us when you request or purchase products, services, or information from us, register with us (including when you link your profile on a third-party site or platform with your registration account), participate in public forums or other activities on our sites and applications, respond to User surveys, or otherwise interact with us online or offline.
We collect information through a variety of technologies, such as cookies, Flash cookies, pixels, tags, software development kits, application program interfaces, and Web beacons, including when you visit our sites and applications or use our applications on third-party sites or platforms using one or more devices, whether or not you are logged in or registered. Please visit our Cookie Policy for further information, including Do Not Track and how to disable cookies and otherwise make choices with respect to such data collection.
We collect information using analytics tools, including when you visit our sites and applications or use our applications on third-party sites or platforms.
We acquire information from other trusted sources to update or supplement the information you provided or we collected automatically, such as when we validate postal address information using third party services. Applicable law may require that you authorize the third party to share your information with us before we can acquire it.
If you access the Service through a third-party connection or log-in (like a social network), we may collect certain information from your social network profile. For a description of how social networking sites handle your information, please refer to their privacy policies and terms of use, which may permit you to modify your privacy settings. If you do not want to share information from your social network profile, do not access the Service through that third-party service.
How we use this information is consistent with applicable law and choices and controls that may be available to you.
We may use information collected from you, or from devices associated with you, to:
Enable us to provide you with our services, and to improve and promote our services;
Communicate with you about your account or transactions with us and send you information or request feedback about features on our sites and applications or changes to our policies.
Send you offers and promotions for our products and services or third-party products and services.
Personalize content and experiences.
Provide you with targeted advertising based on your activity on our sites and applications and on third-party sites and applications.
Operate, understand, optimize, develop, or improve our sites, applications, products, services and operations, including by performing user market research and using analytics tools.
Detect, investigate and prevent activities that may violate our policies or be illegal.
We may aggregate and/or anonymize any information collected through the Service so that such information can no longer be linked to you or your device. We may use Aggregate/Anonymous Information for any purpose and share such data with any third parties, including advertisers.
What information do we collect?We collect information from you when you register on the site, place an order, enter a contest or sweepstakes, respond to a survey or communication such as e-mail, or participate in another site feature.When ordering or registering, we may ask you for your name, e-mail address, mailing address, phone number, credit card information or other information. You may, however, visit our site anonymously.We also collect information about gift recipients so that we can fulfill the gift purchase. The information we collect about gift recipients is not used for marketing purposes.Like many websites, we use "cookies" to enhance your experience and gather information about visitors and visits to our websites. Please refer to the "Do we use 'cookies'?" section below for information about cookies and how we use them.
How do we use your information?We may use the information we collect from you when you register, purchase products, enter a contest or promotion, respond to a survey or marketing communication, surf the website, or use certain other site features in the following ways:To personalize your site experience and to allow us to deliver the type of content and product offerings in which you are most interested.To allow us to better service you in responding to your customer service requests.To quickly process your transactions.To administer a contest, promotion, survey or other site feature.If you have opted-in to receive our e-mail newsletter, we may send you periodic e-mails. If you would no longer like to receive promotional e-mail from us, please refer to the Controls and Choices section below. If you have not opted-in to receive e-mail newsletters, you will not receive these e-mails. Visitors who register or participate in other site features such as marketing programs and 'members-only' content will be given a choice whether they would like to be on our e-mail list and receive e-mail communications from us.
How do we protect visitor information?We implement a variety of security measures to maintain the safety of your personal information. Your personal information is contained behind secured networks and is only accessible by a limited number of persons who have special access rights to such systems, and are required to keep the information confidential. When you place orders or access your personal information, we offer the use of a secure server. All sensitive/credit information you supply is transmitted via Secure Socket Layer (SSL) technology and then encrypted into our databases to be only accessed as stated above.
Do we use "cookies"?Yes. Cookies are small files that a site or its service provider transfers to your computer's hard drive through your Web browser (if you allow) that enables the site's or service provider's systems to recognize your browser and capture and remember certain information. For instance, we use cookies to help us remember and process the items in your shopping cart. They are also used to help us understand your preferences based on previous or current site activity, which enables us to provide you with improved services. We also use cookies to help us compile aggregate data about site traffic and site interaction so that we can offer better site experiences and tools in the future.We may contract with third-party service providers to assist us in better understanding our site visitors. These service providers are not permitted to use the information collected on our behalf except to help us conduct and improve our business.You can choose to have your computer warn you each time a cookie is being sent, or you can choose to turn off all cookies. You do this through your browser (like Internet Explorer) settings. Each browser is a little different, so look at your browser Help menu to learn the correct way to modify your cookies. If you turn cookies off, you won't have access to many features that make your site experience more efficient and some of our services will not function properly. However, you can still place orders over the telephone by contacting customer service.
Do we disclose the information we collect to outside parties?We do not sell, trade, or otherwise transfer to outside parties your personally identifiable information unless we provide you with advance notice, except as described below. The term "outside parties" does not include Recognition Engraving & Awards, Ltd.. It also does not include website hosting partners and other parties who assist us in operating our website, conducting our business, or servicing you, so long as those parties agree to keep this information confidential. We may also release your information when we believe release is appropriate to comply with the law, enforce our site policies, or protect ours or others' rights, property, or safety.However, non-personally identifiable visitor information may be provided to other parties for marketing, advertising, or other uses.
Your Controls and Choices
The laws in some jurisdictions requires us to provide you the ability to exercise certain controls and choices regarding our collection, use and sharing of your information. To the extent those laws apply to you, your controls and choices may include:
Updating, and deleting your registration account;
Choosing or changing your choices for subscriptions, newsletters, and alerts;
Choosing whether to receive from us offers and promotions for our products and services, or products and services that we think may be of interest to you;
Choosing whether we share your personal information with other companies so they can send you offers and promotions about their products and services;
Controlling targeted advertising from many ad networks and partners; data exchanges; and marketing analytics and digital advertising and marketing service providers (by visiting the Digital Advertising Alliance);
Controlling whether you want us to access location information, such as by controlling or disabling location services in your mobile device’s settings menu;
Choosing to control targeted advertising you receive within applications by using the settings and choices made available to you through your device(s), for example, by re-setting your device’s advertising identifier and/or opting out of interest based ads;
Requesting removal of your personal information from a public forum on one of our sites or application.
Please be aware that if you do not allow us to collect personal information from you, we may not be able to deliver certain experiences, products, and services to you, and some of our Services may not be able to take account of your interests and preferences. If you have questions about the specific personal information about you that we process or retain, and your rights regarding that personal information, please contact us.
European Economic Area Residents: Legal bases for use of your information & Controls and choices
The laws in the European Economic Area and some other jurisdictions require us to provide Users, to the extent those laws apply to such Users, with the following information:
Legal grounds for use and disclosure of personal information
As necessary to perform our obligations under any contract with you or
On the basis of implied or express consent, such as to send you certain information, including marketing communications, to share your information with partners when you have requested we do that, or to collect and process your information for research purposes; or
For our legitimate interests or the legitimate interests of others such as to ensure the security of our Sites, operate and improve our business and our Sites, respond to your questions, engage in certain marketing, make and receive payments, comply with our legal obligations, prevent fraud, conduct analysis, enforce our Terms, engage in a business change (e.g., sale, merger), to know User to whom we are providing the Service, and to create anonymous data.
To protect the vital interests of the individual or others. For example, we may collect or share personal data to help resolve an urgent medical situation.
Controls and choices
In addition, Users in the European Economic Area and some other jurisdictions outside the United States have certain legal rights to obtain confirmation of whether we hold personal data about them, to access personal data we hold about them (including, in some cases, in portable form), and to obtain its correction, update, amendment or deletion in appropriate circumstances. They may also object to our uses or disclosures of personal data, to request a restriction on its processing, or withdraw any consent, though such actions typically will not have retroactive effect. They also will not affect our ability to continue processing data in lawful ways (for example, if you opt out of the use of your telephone number for direct marketing, we might still decide to contact you by phone regarding potential fraud on your account).
Users in the European Economic Area have the right to opt-out of all of our processing of their personal data for direct marketing purposes. To exercise this right, they may contact us. We do not direct market to Users in the European Economic Area.
The rights and options described above are subject to limitations and exceptions under applicable law. In situations in which we process personal data on behalf of our User, we may refer the request to the relevant User and cooperate with their handling of the request, subject to any special contractual arrangement with that User.
In addition to these rights, Users in the European Economic Area have the right to lodge a complaint with the relevant supervisory authority. However, we encourage you to contact us first, and we will do our very best to resolve your concern.
How can you opt-out, remove or modify information you have provided to us?To modify your e-mail subscriptions, please let us know by modifying your preferences in the "My Account" section. Please note that due to email production schedules you may receive any emails already in production.To delete all of your online account information from our database, sign into the "My Account" section of our site and remove your shipping addresses, billing addresses & payment information. Please note that we may maintain information about an individual sales transaction in order to service that transaction and for record keeping.
Third party linksIn an attempt to provide you with increased value, we may include third party links on our site. These linked sites have separate and independent privacy policies. We therefore have no responsibility or liability for the content and activities of these linked sites. Nonetheless, we seek to protect the integrity of our site and welcome any feedback about these linked sites (including if a specific link does not work).Changes to our policyIf we decide to change our privacy policy, we will post those changes on this page. Policy changes will apply only to information collected after the date of the change. This policy was last modified on May 24, 2018.Questions and feedbackWe welcome your questions, comments, and concerns about privacy. Please send us any and all feedback pertaining to privacy, or any other issue.Online Policy OnlyThis online privacy policy applies only to information collected through our website and not to information collected offline.Terms and ConditionsPlease also visit our Terms and Conditions section establishing the use, disclaimers, and limitations of liability governing the use of our website.Your consentBy using our site, you consent to our privacy policy.
Back to top