http://www.ashtonglen.co.nz/policies/privacy
0
Search Site
Search Site
Shop
About Us
Contact
Privacy Policy
We collect and hold personal information from you when you fill out the forms in
our website shop. We store this information with
Storbie and our service providers who supply our
website to us. We also provide this information to Payment Providers so they can take your
payment on our behalf.
Also, when you use our website shop a cookie (which is a small text file) will be
loaded onto your computer. The purpose of the cookie is to identify you during your
session. You can change the settings on your browser so that you will not receive
any cookies. However, if you choose to do this you may not be able to make a purchase
or use other functions on our website.
We and our service providers use your personal information to supply you with the
goods and services you have purchased from us, to obtain payment, to contact you
in the event that there is a problem with filling your order. We and our service
providers can use your personal information in an aggregated form in which you cannot
be identified (for example, to analyse sales patterns).
Except as identified in the last paragraph, we and our service providers will not
otherwise use that information (for example, your personal information will not
be provided to others for purposes other than as outlined in the last paragraph,
such as selling customer lists (unless required to do so by law)).
If you haven’t correctly provided your information to us we may not be able to deliver
the goods and services to you properly, or provide you with a refund if we’ve decided
to refund any money to you. We reserve the right to cancel your order if you supply
us with incorrect information.
Under the Privacy Act 1993 you have rights to access and correct the personal information
you provide to us.
We may update this Privacy Policy from time to time by placing an amended version
of the policy on this website. Please check the website regularly for changes to
this policy. Once the Privacy Policy is changed your ongoing use of this website
indicates your acceptance of the changes.
In addition to our use of your data as set out in this privacy policy, our website service provider, Storbie Ltd,
may also use your data to provide, monitor, improve and report on its service. For details, see
Storbie's privacy policy.
Contact
/
Privacy Policy
Online store powered by