http://www.calvines.com/terms.asp
California Vines
Home
View Cart
My Account
Help
1-866-469-9463
Submit
Wine Furniture
Wine Barrel Furniture
Dining/Pub/Bistro Tables
Bar Stools/Chairs/Benches
Islands and Sideboards
Wine Racks
Barrel/Stave Wine Racks
Wooden Wine Racks
Wrought Iron Wine Racks
Wall Mounted Wine Rack
Standing Wine Racks
Housewares
Wine Barrel Lazy Susans
Servers and Cutting Boards
Candles
Candle Holders
Wine Stave Baskets
Clocks
Miscellaneous
Wine Accessories
Gifts Under $99
Leather Wine Carriers
Leather Corkscrew Carriers
Aerators
Bottle Displays
Beverage Coolers
SkyBar & Wine Preservation
Vino Temp
Margaritaville
Accessories
GlassWare
Decanters
Red Wine Glasses
White Wine Glasses
Martini Glasses
Champagne Flutes
Welcome to the widest selection of reclaimed wine barrel furniture and wine stave furniture
Quick Links
Wholesale Inquiries
Price Guarantee
Shipping Policies
Contact Us
Our Newsletter gives you access to
promotions, discounts, and specials.
Sign up now!
Terms and Conditions
PLEASE READ THE FOLLOWING TERMS AND CONDITIONS OF USE CAREFULLY BEFORE USING THIS WEBSITE. All users of this site agree that access to and use of this site are subject to the following terms and conditions and other applicable law. If you do not agree to these terms and conditions, please do not use this site.CopyrightThe entire content included in this site, including but not limited to text, graphics or code is copyrighted as a collective work under the United States and other copyright laws, and is the property of California Vines, Inc.. The collective work includes works that are licensed to California Vines, Inc.. Copyright 2003, California Vines, Inc. ALL RIGHTS RESERVED. Permission is granted to electronically copy and print hard copy portions of this site for the sole purpose of placing an order with California Vines, Inc. or purchasing California Vines, Inc. products. You may display and, subject to any expressly stated restrictions or limitations relating to specific material, download or print portions of the material from the different areas of the site solely for your own non-commercial use, or to place an order with California Vines, Inc. or to purchase California Vines, Inc. products. Any other use, including but not limited to the reproduction, distribution, display or transmission of the content of this site is strictly prohibited, unless authorized by California Vines, Inc.. You further agree not to change or delete any proprietary notices from materials downloaded from the site.TrademarksAll trademarks, service marks and trade names of California Vines, Inc. used in the site are trademarks or registered trademarks of California Vines, Inc.Warranty DisclaimerThis site and the materials and products on this site are provided "as is" and without warranties of any kind, whether express or implied. To the fullest extent permissible pursuant to applicable law, California Vines, Inc. disclaims all warranties, express or implied, including, but not limited to, implied warranties of merchantability and fitness for a particular purpose and non-infringement. California Vines, Inc. does not represent or warrant that the functions contained in the site will be uninterrupted or error-free, that the defects will be corrected, or that this site or the server that makes the site available are free of viruses or other harmful components. California Vines, Inc. does not make any warrantees or representations regarding the use of the materials in this site in terms of their correctness, accuracy, adequacy, usefulness, timeliness, reliability or otherwise. Some states do not permit limitations or exclusions on warranties, so the above limitations may not apply to you.Limitation of LiabilityCalifornia Vines, Inc. shall not be liable for any special or consequential damages that result from the use of, or the inability to use, the materials on this site or the performance of the products, even if California Vines, Inc. has been advised of the possibility of such damages. Applicable law may not allow the limitation of exclusion of liability or incidental or consequential damages, so the above limitation or exclusion may not apply to you.Typographical ErrorsIn the event that a California Vines, Inc. product is mistakenly listed at an incorrect price, California Vines, Inc. reserves the right to refuse or cancel any orders placed for product listed at the incorrect price. California Vines, Inc. reserves the right to refuse or cancel any such orders whether or not the order has been confirmed and your credit card charged. If your credit card has already been charged for the purchase and your order is cancelled, California Vines, Inc. shall issue a credit to your credit card account in the amount of the incorrect price.Term; TerminationThese terms and conditions are applicable to you upon your accessing the site and/or completing the registration or shopping process. These terms and conditions, or any part of them, may be terminated by California Vines, Inc. without notice at any time, for any reason. The provisions relating to Copyrights, Trademark, Disclaimer, Limitation of Liability, Indemnification and Miscellaneous, shall survive any termination.NoticeCalifornia Vines, Inc. may deliver notice to you by means of e-mail, a general notice on the site, or by other reliable method to the address you have provided to California Vines, Inc..Use of SiteHarassment in any manner or form on the site, including via e-mail, chat, or by use of obscene or abusive language, is strictly forbidden. Impersonation of others, including a California Vines, Inc. or other licensed employee, host, or representative, as well as other members or visitors on the site is prohibited. You may not upload to, distribute, or otherwise publish through the site any content which is libelous, defamatory, obscene, threatening, invasive of privacy or publicity rights, abusive, illegal, or otherwise objectionable which may constitute or encourage a criminal offense, violate the rights of any party or which may otherwise give rise to liability or violate any law. You may not upload commercial content on the site or use the site to solicit others to join or become members of any other commercial online service or other organization.Participation DisclaimerCalifornia Vines, Inc. does not and cannot review all communications and materials posted to or created by users accessing the site, and is not in any manner responsible for the content of these communications and materials. You acknowledge that by providing you with the ability to view and distribute user-generated content on the site, California Vines, Inc. is merely acting as a passive conduit for such distribution and is not undertaking any obligation or liability relating to any contents or activities on the site. However, California Vines, Inc. reserves the right to block or remove communications or materials that it determines to be (a) abusive, defamatory, or obscene, (b) fraudulent, deceptive, or misleading, (c) in violation of a copyright, trademark or; other intellectual property right of another or (d) offensive or otherwise unacceptable to California Vines, Inc. in its sole discretion.IndemnificationYou agree to indemnify, defend, and hold harmless California Vines, Inc., its officers, directors, employees, agents, licensors and suppliers (collectively the "Service Providers") from and against all losses, expenses, damages and costs, including reasonable attorneys' fees, resulting from any violation of these terms and conditions or any activity related to your account (including negligent or wrongful conduct) by you or any other person accessing the site using your Internet account.Third-Party LinksIn an attempt to provide increased value to our visitors, California Vines, Inc. may link to sites operated by third parties. However, even if the third party is affiliated with California Vines, Inc., California Vines, Inc. has no control over these linked sites, all of which have separate privacy and data collection practices, independent of California Vines, Inc.. These linked sites are only for your convenience and therefore you access them at your own risk. Nonetheless, California Vines, Inc. seeks to protect the integrity of its web site and the links placed upon it and therefore requests any feedback on not only its own site, but for sites it links to as well (including if a specific link does not work).
Facebook
Twitter
Pinterest
Google Plus
About Us
Company Information
Contact Us
My Account
View Cart
Sign-In
Order Status
Products
Wine Stave Furniture
Product Index
Category Index
Helpful Info
Shipping & Returns
Privacy Policy
Terms & Conditions
Questions? Call Us!
Toll-Free: 1-866-469-9463
Mon-Fri 9am
5pm EST
Sign up for our newsletter:
Copyright ©
California Vines, Inc.. All Rights Reserved.
Built with VolusionRiser Interactive.