https://www.moss-europe.co.uk/privacy-policy#Cookies
By using our website you are accepting our Cookies policy which can be found on our Privacy Policy page.
LANGUAGE:
MOSS BRANCHES
Moss London +44 (0)20 8867 2020
Moss Bradford +44 (0)1274 539 999
Moss Bristol +44 (0)117 923 2523
Moss Manchester +44 (0)161 480 6402
Moss Paris +33 (0)1 30 80 20 30
Account
Login
My Wishlist
Checkout
(0)
Home
Shop by Model
Tools & Consumables
New Products
Trade Shop
Gift Vouchers
Free Catalogues
Books & Media
Rebuild Programmes
Order by Part Number
LANGUAGE:
MOSS BRANCHES
Moss London +44 (0)20 8867 2020
Moss Bradford +44 (0)1274 539 999
Moss Bristol +44 (0)117 923 2523
Moss Manchester +44 (0)161 480 6402
Moss Paris +33 (0)1 30 80 20 30
Account
Login
My Wishlist
Basket
Checkout
Select Model
124 Spider
Austin-Healey 100-3000
Jaguar
MGA
MGB
MGF
Mini
Minor
MX-5
Spitfire
Sprite & Midget
T Type
TR2-4A
TR5-6
All products
All tools
All Dynolite Oils
CHRISTMAS   |   MG   |   Triumph   |   Austin Healey   |   Classic Mini    |   Morris Minor   |   Jaguar   |   Mazda MX-5
Shop by ModelTools & ConsumablesToolsHand ToolsWorkshop ToolsMechanic ToolsView allConsumablesLubricantsFluids & Engine AdditivesElectrical ComponentsView allCar CareCleaning & PolishingShampooPaint RestorationPolishView allInterior CareUpholstery CareGlass CareTrim & Dash CareView allTools & AccessoriesPolishersBucketsBrushesView allTop BrandsTrade Shop
Home
>
Privacy Policy
Privacy Policy
This privacy policy sets out how Moss Europe Ltd uses and protects any personal information that you give when you use this website. Moss Europe Ltd is committed to ensuring that your privacy is protected. Should we ask you to provide certain information by which you can be identified when using this website, then you can be assured that it will only be used in accordance with this privacy statement. Moss Europe Ltd may change this policy by updating this page and advise that you check this page from time to time to ensure that you are happy with any changes.
Personal Information
When you place an order through our website, we will need to know your name, postal address, contact telephone number and e-mail address. This allows us to process and fulfill your order and to notify you of the status of your order. If you choose to set up an account on our website, we will ask for personal information and classic car preferences, this information will help us positively identify you so that we can supply information back to you such as your order(s) and order(s) status. This information is kept on secure servers and is never shared with third parties. Moss Europe Ltd will only store and use your data in compliance with current data laws. Moss Europe Ltd will never sell your data or share your data with third parties unless those parties are operating on behalf of Moss Europe Ltd, under agreement with Moss Europe Ltd Any parties working on behalf of Moss Europe Ltd will have demonstrated compliance to all relevant data laws. Controlling your personal informationYou may request at any time details of your personal information held by Moss Europe Ltd under the Data Protection Act 1998. A small fee will be payable. If you would like a copy of the information held on you please email Customer Services or write to Moss Europe Ltd (address below). If you believe that any information Moss Europe Ltd are holding on you is incorrect or incomplete, please email Customer Services as soon as possible and we will promptly correct any information found to be incorrect. If you no longer wish to have your personal information held by Moss Europe Ltd you can contact us at any time by emailing Customer Services or in writing to Moss Europe Ltd (address below).
Transactional Security
Moss Europe Ltd understands how important the security of your personal information is, our website https://www.moss-europe.co.uk maintains the highest levels of security. This site uses secure server software SSL encryption technology, the most advanced security software currently available for online transactions. SSL encrypts all the information you input before it is sent to us. Every page on our website will start with ‘https’ in front of the web address which is www.moss-europe.co.uk. A small locked padlock will also appear in the bottom bar of your browser window. Some of our web pages may contain links to other websites; we recommend that you review their own privacy policy. Moss Europe Ltd is not responsible for the content or the privacy policies of websites to which it may provide links or the websites of its advertisers. Paying using a Credit or Debit cardWhen you select to pay using a Credit or Debit card you will be directed to the Barclaycard EPDQ secure website until the transaction has been placed. Once the order has been successfully placed you will be re-directed back to our website. Our checkout process also uses Verified by Visa, this service enhances the security of your payment card account against unauthorised use when you shop on our website. Paying using PayPalWhen you select to pay using PayPal you will be directed to PayPal’s secure website until the transaction has been placed. Once the order has been successfully placed you will be re-directed back to our website. Our checkout process also uses Verified by Visa, this service enhances the security of your payment card account against unauthorised use when you shop on our website.
Cookies
What is a Cookie?A Cookie is a small text file that is placed onto your computer by websites that you visit. They are used to make websites work, to improve efficiency of websites, to improve the user’s experience and to provide usage information on websites. This information should make your website visits more productive by storing and using information on your website preferences and habits. Do I need to accept a Cookie?To fully utilise our website you will need to accept the Cookie and most web browsers are initially set up to accept Cookies. However if you do not wish to receive them, then you can usually modify your browser setting to decline Cookies. Please note that if you disable Cookies, some services or website functionality may not be available. For further information about Cookies and how to disable them please go to aboutcookies.org.uk. What is the purpose of a Cookie?The Moss Europe Ltd website uses cookies to keep track of your basket contents and to remember you when returning to the site. To fully utilise the shopping experience at www.moss-europe.co.uk you need to have all cookies enabled, please note that cookies will not harm your computer. You can still use our website for browsing and research purposes without cookies being enabled. The Moss Europe Ltd website uses the following cookies: Essential CookiesThese are cookies that are required for the operation of our website. They include, for example, cookies that enable you to log into secure areas of our website, and to use online forms. Analytical CookiesThese allow us to recognise and count the number of visitors and to see how visitors move around our website when they are using it. This helps us to improve the way our website works, for example, by ensuring that users are finding what they are looking for easily. Marketing CookiesThese are used to recognise you when you return to our website. This enables us to personalise our content for you, greet you by name and remember your preferences. These cookies also record your visit to our website, the pages you have visited and the links you have followed. We will use this information to make our website, the advertising displayed on it and communications sent more relevant to your interests. Overall, cookies help us provide you with a better online service. A cookie in no way gives us access to your computer or any information about you, other than the data you choose to share with us. By continuing to use the Moss Europe Ltd website, you are accepting our use of these cookies that make advertising and communications more relevant to you and your interests, and further help us to improve the site.
Online Advertising - Google AdWords
This website uses the Google AdWords remarketing service to advertise on third party websites (including Google) to previous visitors of our website. It could mean that we advertise to previous visitors who haven’t completed a task on our site, for example using the Contact Us form to make an enquiry. This could be in the form of an advertisement on the Google search results page, or a website in the Google Display Network. Third-party vendors, including Google, use cookies to serve ads based on someone’s past visits to the Moss Europe website. Of course, any data collected will be used in accordance with our own privacy policy and Google’s privacy policy. Links to other websitesOur website may contain links to other websites of interest. However, once you have used these links to leave our site, you should note that we do not have any control over these other websites. Therefore, Moss Europe Ltd cannot be responsible for the protection and privacy of any information, which you provide whilst visiting such sites and this privacy policy statement does not govern such sites. Moss Europe Ltd advise that you exercise caution and look at the privacy policy applicable to the website(s) in question.
Newsletter Emails
Moss Europe Ltd will only e-mail you if you have signed up to our newsletter or if you carry out a transaction with us. If you do not wish to receive marketing e-mails from us anymore you can unsubscribe at any time in the footer in every email we send. If you have previously agreed to us using your personal information for marketing purposes, you may change your mind at any time by unsubscribing at the footer of every e-mail or by emailing us or in writing to Moss Europe Ltd (address below). Signing up to EmailsIf you sign up to our newsletter you will receive our marketing e-mails on the latest sales, offers, products and news from Moss Europe Ltd You will be among the first to know about the latest news, sales and blogs, and your email preferences can even be tailored to suit your favorite marques so you only receive mail on the marques you are interested in. At no point will Moss Europe Ltd give your email address to third parties. Moss Europe Ltd will, wherever possible, try our best to send you e-mails based on the marques of car you are interested in, If you are not receiving emails about the marques of car you are interested in, we may have the wrong information for you. You can change your email preferences in the footer of every email by clicking the ‘Manage Preferences’ link, by logging into your Moss account and clicking on ‘Newsletter Subscriptions’, or email Marketing and we will be able to help you with your preferences. Unsubscribe or change Email preferencesShould you find that you are not happy with the email newsletters that you are receiving you can unsubscribe via the ‘Unsubscribe’ link at the bottom of every newsletter email we send. You can also log into your Moss online account and click on ‘Newsletter Subscriptions’ and un-tick your preferred category and then click Submit. Alternatively, you can unsubscribe via email.
Please write to:Moss Europe Ltd Unit 16Hampton Business ParkBolney WayFeltham
TW13 6DB, UK
Christmas
Gift Vouchers
Free* Catalogues
Rebuild Programmes Save 10%
Order By Part Number
Sign up to our Newsletter
Email*
Submit
Customer Services
Contact Us
Company Information
Order By Part Number
Ordering & Payment
Delivery & Collection
Returns & Warranty
Terms & Conditions
Exchange Units
FAQs
Security & Privacy
Useful Information
Christmas
News & Blogs
Free Catalogues
Rebuild Programmes
Club Subscriptions
Gift Vouchers
Top Brands
Leave Feedback
Careers
Web Browsers
Covid-19 Press Release
Branches
Moss London
Moss Bradford
Moss Bristol
Moss Manchester
Moss Paris
© 2020 Moss Europe.
Privacy Policy
Cookies
Terms & Conditions
Sitemap
100% Secure Online Shopping
Loading...