http://www.domsoutdoor.com/privacy-policy/a/3/
PHONE: (800) 447-9629
Last Updated: 12/11/2020
Shopping Cart 0
Home
Accessories
Clothing
Footwear
Furniture
Packs
Sleeping Gear
Stoves, Lanterns, Heaters
Tents
On Clearance
Free Newsletter
Sign up for our free weekly email alerts to special offers, discounts and deals not available to other customers.
Privacy Policy
Browse Products
Accessories
Backpacking Food
Boats & Rafts
Clothing
Cookware
Footwear
Furniture
Health and Safety
Knives and Tools
Lights
Navigation
Optics
Packs
Raingear
Shooting & Hunting Gear
Sleeping Gear
Stoves, Lanterns, Heaters
Tents
Toilets and Showers
Water Filters
Safes
Firearms
Ammunition
Foam & Fabric
ABOUT SSL CERTIFICATES
Quick Order
Privacy Policy
The following states Dom’s policy regarding the privacy rights of visitors to this web site. This is a web site of Dom’s Surplus Inc.Our postal address is:Dom’s Outdoor Outfitters
1870 First StreetLivermore, CA 94550We can reached via e-mail at domsinfo@domsoutdoor.com, or you can reach us by telephone at 1-925-447-9629. For each visitor to our web site, our web server recognizes only the visitor’s domain name, but not the e-mail address (where possible). We collect aggregate information on which pages consumers access or visit in order to improve the content of our web site.
We collect e-mail addresses voluntarily given to us for free subscription to Outdoormail, a list serve e-mail that we use to notify consumers about updates to our web site. We never make the e-mail addresses we collect available to any other company or organization. If you supply us with your postal address, you may receive periodic mailings from Dom’s Outdoor Outfitters with information on new products. If you do not wish to receive such mailings, please let us know by sending an e-mail, calling, or writing us at the above address. If you have supplied us with your postal address, we may share your name and address with companies we believe may interest you. If you prefer not to receive such mailings from other companies, please let us know by sending an e-mail, calling, or writing us at the above address.Thank you -- Dom’s Outdoor Outfitters.
Home
About Us
Contact Us
Privacy Policy
Tell a Friend
Shipping Rates
Returns
Copyright © 2020 Dom's Surplus, Inc. 1870 First Street, Livermore CA 94550. (925)447-9629. All rights reserved.