http://www.intelligym.com/privacy-statement
Skip to content
Privacy Statementfootballteam2018-11-12T10:30:57+00:00
ACE – Applied Cognitive Engineering (“ACE”) is the developer of the IntelliGym™ technology and related products. We take the privacy of our customers seriously. We are committed to safeguarding your privacy while providing a personalized and valuable service.
Overview
This Privacy Policy statement explains the data processing practices of ACE. If you have any requests concerning your personal information or any questions about these practices please contact our Privacy Officer by e-mail at info@intelligym.com.Our site contains links to third party sites, which are not subject to this privacy policy. We recommend that you read the privacy policy of any such sites that you visit.Information provided by you may be requested from one of our websites under the IntelliGym™ brand name, or from one of our reputable co-marketing partner sites that represent our IntelliGym™ brand on their own websites under their company and/or brand name. In the event that you provide us with personal information for the purposes of free registration and you later make a purchase, whether directly from us or facilitated by one of our e-commerce partners, your privacy rights will be protected according to our stated policies and the stated privacy policies of these partners, which will be posted and available for your review at the time of purchase.
Information collected
Personal information is collected by ACE.We collect personally identifiable information about you (your “Data”) through:
The use of inquiry and registration forms.
The purchase process when you buy any of our products or services
The provision of your details to us either online or offline
Throughout the training with the IntelliGym™ products.
The elements of your Data that we collect may include:Data related to Customers/Trainees:
Name
Home address and phone
E-mail address
Position
Team(s) name(s)
Payment details (except for your credit card details)
Market research data such as customer usage patterns
Data for customization and research purposes such as position on court, age, sex and game experience.
Training data is collected along the training process
ACE’s site related Username and Password
Personal Coach’s Code and related online activity
Market research data such as customer usage patterns
Technical information about your computer used for the IntelliGym training
Use and Disclosure of Personal Information
We use your Data for purposes, which may include:
Providing our customers with a personalized service
Processing orders, registrations and inquiries
Conducting market research surveys
Running competitions
Providing you with information about products and services we offer (providing you agree to receive such information).
Customer support
We use the information you provide when placing an order to complete that order. We do not share this information with outside parties except:
To the extent necessary to complete that order or to provide services where the outside party is acting on our behalf and has no independent right to use the information we provide (i.e. a third party shipping or customer support center), or
To successors in title to our business or
In accordance with a properly executed court order or if otherwise required to do so by law.
We also use information in aggregate form (so that no individual user is identified):
To build up marketing profiles
To aid strategic development
To audit usage of the site
Use of Cookies and Other Tracking Devices
We use cookies to help personalize your use of our sites. A cookie is a small piece of information which is sent to your computer’s hard drive by the web server so that the website can remember who you are. This information may include information relating to your use of our sites, information about your computer such as the computer’s IP address and browser type, demographic data and, if you arrived at our site via a link from third party site, the URL of the linking page. If you are a registered user this may include your name and email address for verification purposes.We use information from cookies for purposes, which may include:
Identifying returning users and registrants
Enabling you to move more easily around our site
Tracking your use of our site to better develop our sites in accordance with your requirements
Building up a demographic profile.
Further information on how to prevent cookies from being stored on your computer can be found on http://www.allaboutcookies.org under the ‘manage cookies’ section. Alternatively go to the help menu within your Internet browser.From time to time we may permit 3rd party companies to set cookies on ACE sites for purposes which may include market research, revenue tracking or to improve functionality of the site.
Security Policy
ACE has appropriate measures in place to ensure that our users’ Data is protected against unauthorized access or use, alteration, unlawful or accidental destruction and accidental loss.
Transfer of Data
The Internet is a global environment. Using the Internet to collect and process personal data necessarily involves the transmission of data on an international basis. Therefore, by browsing ACE sites and communicating electronically with us you acknowledge and agree to our processing of personal data in this way. By agreeing to our transfer of your Data to third party organizations for them to send you details of products and services offered (as detailed above) you are deemed to provide your consent to the transfer of your Data.You may request a copy or send a correction of the personal information we hold about you by contacting the Privacy Officer at info@intelligym.com or writing to:Privacy OfficerACE Applied Cognitive Engineering Ltd.30 Chapin Road, Unit 1201,Pine Brook, NJ 07058We may charge the allowable fee under applicable law for provision of this information.
Changes to this Policy
This policy is effective August , 2011. From time to time we may make changes to this privacy policy statement to reflect any changes to our privacy practices in accordance with changes in legislation, best practice or website enhancements.
Go to Top