http://www.heavenlynecklaces.com/pages/terms-conditions
NewThe new romanticsFlavia stuttgen x heavenly necklacesEarringsCharm earringsNecklacesRingsBraceletsFine jewelleryCuff linksClip-on earrings
GBP
GBPEURUSD
Gift Guide
Login / Register
Shopping cart
close
No products in the cart.
OUR PHONE NUMBER: +44 (0) 1672 520 909
My account
Contact
GBP
GBPEURUSD
General
This page is here to protect both seller and buyer.  It sounds much more scary than it is...any problems may be simply sorted out by email.  Please read the Terms and Conditions and Delivery and Returns Policy carefully before using this website as they contain important information about your rights and obligations. By accessing, using and ordering items from this website you agree to be legally bound by these terms and conditions and Delivery and Returns Policy, which may be modified and posted on this website from time to time. This website is operated by HeavenlyNecklaces.com ('HN', 'HN.com', 'our', 'we', or 'us').
Ordering
To order items from the website you will follow the ordering procedure set out on the ordering pages of our website.
The submission of your order on our website is an offer to buy from us. There will be no contract between you and us until payment has been made in full by you and we have sent an e-mail confirmation of your order to you. At any point prior to the sending of the e-mail confirmation to you we may decline your offer and any money paid by you will be returned to you.
If for any reason beyond our reasonable control, we are unable to supply a particular item, we will not be liable to you except to ensure that you are not charged for the item and that should you have already made payment for the item, you are refunded in full.
Orders placed for delivery outside the UK without the required international postage supplement will be cancelled and any payment returned in UK Sterling (£) we shall not be liable for any exchange rate or consequential losses incurred.
Price
The price payable for the items you order is the price stated on the website at the time you place your order and will be confirmed to you during the ordering process. We may change the price of any item at any time before you place your order
We try to ensure that the prices displayed on the website are correct and accurate. In the event of a pricing error and where the correct price for an item is higher than that stated on the website or your order we shall notify you of such and you may cancel the order and decide whether to reorder the item at the correct price.
All prices are expressed inclusive of any VAT payable unless otherwise stated.
You must pay for the items you order at the time you place your order on the website. All payments must be made in UK pounds sterling.
Delivery
Summary of Delivery Charges
Delivery Method
Delivery Charge
Estimated Delivery Time
UK Delivery
£7.80
Next Day Delivery
Europe
£11.95
10 - 14 working days
Rest of the World
£15.75
14 - 21 working days
UK DeliveryUK Delivery costs £7.80 per order and will be sent via Royal Mail Special Delivery service. We aim to deliver all orders within 48 hours. During busy times like November/December please allow 3-10 working days for delivery. All payments must be received and authorised before shipmentEuropean DeliveryEuropean delivery costs £11.95 per order and will be sent via First Class Airsure Postage. A fully insurable and trackable service, which is secure and reliable.International DeliveryInternational delivery costs £15.75 per order and will be sent via First Class Airsure Postage. A fully insurable and trackable service, which is secure and reliable.Signing For Your DeliveryA signature will be required on delivery of your order.Tracking your ParcelIf you have an email address registered with us you will receive an email to confirm that your items have been dispatched. Please note, we cannot be held responsible for any third party involvement where delays occur to deliveries. If you are concerned you have not received your parcel please contact us via email at hello@heavenlynecklaces.comPACKAGINGYour jewellery will be sent to you wrapped beautifully in an organza bag, wrapped in tissue. Please rest assured that we always package our items securely and safely.LATE AND LOST DELIVERIESWe cannot change/amend the delivery address on orders once they have been processed or dispatched.If your delivery has been delayed, then please contact us and we will provide you with the tracking number to enable you to chase it up with the Royal Mail.We cannot refund or replace lost items until 20 working days after the date of despatch (30 days for international items) - this is when the Royal Mail classes items as being lost.International delivery - When items are sent to another country, your parcel is often handled by more than one postal service. When we send a parcel abroad, the actual delivery of the item will be the responsibility of the postal service in the country the items are going to. Delays can often be caused by customs checks, which can sometimes take up to 1-2 weeks.Items not received but tracked as being delivered - This frequently happens when items are delivered to places of work. In some cases, your item might have been delivered to a post room or colleague within your company and someone else will have signed for it. In these cases, you can request a proof of delivery certificate from the Royal Mail (www.royalmail.com) by filling in a signature request form. Please note that we do not refund or replace items that are tracked as being delivered. For this reason, we always recommend that you get items delivered to your home address.Heavenly Necklaces cannot be held responsible for goods that are lost or delayed in transit.Other information on deliveries:
Orders received prior to 1pm on a usual business day should be dispatched for delivery the following day unless they are out of stock or unless we have issues relating to postal and other disputes, or seasonal holidays, in which case you will be notified.
All orders received after 1pm on a business day or a weekend or non-business day shall be dispatched as soon as possible.
All prices expressed are inclusive of any VAT payable unless otherwise stated.
The cost of delivery will be confirmed to you when you place your order and prior to you submitting your order.
UK delivery will be made by Royal Mail Special Delivery to the address specified by you during the ordering process and shall be delivered the day after dispatch (excluding Sundays and Bank holidays) Dispatch of goods ordered is subject to availability of goods and clearance of payment.  Overseas deliveries are trackable and depend on the country's postal system: these will also will need to be signed for.
All goods must be signed for on delivery by an adult aged 18 years or over. Whilst we make every effort to deliver all your goods in the agreed time, we will not be liable if we fail to do so in part or in full due to circumstance beyond our control.
If your order is returned to us because the courier or postal service could not complete the delivery to you for whatever reason then you will be responsible for the repeat delivery costs.  The original delivery costs are not refundable in these circumstances.
Returns
Items may be returned to us within 14 days of receipt, please email us at hello@heavenlynecklaces.com for return instructions. Items absolutely must be returned in the original padding and packaging.  We cannot refund items that have been insufficiently packaged and damaged on their return journey. In no circumstances can we accept items that have been used. We can take no responsibility for items that are returned to us without some form of identification to tell us who sent it! This happens from time to time and we have neither the time nor inclination to trawl through hundreds of orders to find out who might have sent it!Cash refunds can only be made up to four weeks after purchase.  After that point, we have paid the 20% VAT to HM Customs and Excise, and the credit card company has taken its percentage (nearly 4%).  We offer a mend or replace service depending on the amount of time that has elapsed, the cause of the 'injury' and the availability of that product.
All items will be dispatched with sufficient packaging and padding. In the event that it is determined that the item delivered to you is: (a) not what you had ordered or does not correspond with the description of the item on the website; or (b) not of satisfactory quality; or (c) not fit for the purpose for which you have bought it and in the event that the purpose is not that which you would usually expect the item to be used for, that you have notified us of your intended use for the item prior to placing your order then provided the item is returned to us within 14 days of receipt we will (as determined by us) either deliver a replacement item or refund the full price of the item less postage to you. We ask you to send items back via Royal Mail Recorded Delivery, we will only refund return postage costs, in the event of a manufacturing fault with the item. We will only refund the cost of Royal Mail Recorded Delivery.
To return your items please email us within 14 working days of receipt of purchase. All goods must be returned to us within 14 days. Items received later than this will only be accepted for return at our discretion and if accepted will be refunded as a credit note only. The item must be returned in the original packaging. Please ensure that the package is securely sealed. We are not liable to refund you if the jewellery is broken during return transit if it is not sent in the original packaging.
We will at our sole discretion allow an exchange. Exchanged items will only be dispatched after receipt by us of the returned goods, which must be in their original condition.  HN will not be liable for any costs incurred by customers or suppliers for return or repairs unless by prior arrangement.
Any refund will be made within 30 days of receipt by us of the returned goods. All refunds will be credited to the original purchaser's credit card or Paypal account.  Credit card or Paypal refunds may only be made within 60 days of the original purchase.  After that period we may only offer a credit or replacement item at our discretion.
Special orders made to a client's size or specification are deemed un-resaleable and, therefore, do not qualify for a refund.  Unless there is a manufacturing fault, special orders may only be exchanged for a credit note or for alternative items.
No Commercial Use
The website and online store is available for non-commercial and domestic use only. We reserve the right to refuse orders from businesses or that we consider are for commercial or other non-domestic concerns.
Information you provide to us
The following applies to any information you provide to us, for example during any registration or ordering process.
You authorise us to use, store or otherwise process any personal information which relates to and identifies you, including but not limited to your name and address, to the extent reasonably necessary to provide the services which are available through our website by us, our partners, successors (including the purchaser of the whole or part of our business), associates, sub-contractors or other third parties (together our 'Partner Companies').
If you obtain or choose to buy items through our website then we may collect information about your buying behaviour and if you send us personal correspondence such as emails or letters or post reviews or other messages on the bulletin boards or in the other areas of our website (where applicable) then we may collect this information into a file specific to you (together, the various purposes set out in this paragraph and in our privacy policy shall be known as 'the Purposes'). All such information collected by us shall be referred to in these terms and conditions as 'Personal Information'.
You must ensure that the Personal Information you provide is accurate and complete and that all ordering or registration details (where applicable) contain your correct name, address and other requested details. For more information about how we deal with your Personal Information, please read our privacy policy.
By accepting these terms and conditions, you agree to the processing and disclosure of the Personal Information for the Purposes. If you would like to review or modify any of your Personal Information then you should email us.
Availability of our website
We will try to make our website available but cannot guarantee that our website will operate continuously or without interruptions or be error free and can accept no liability for its unavailability. You must not attempt to interfere with the proper working of our website.
Liability
Save as set out in this clause 8, we exclude so far as we are able to do so at law all other express or implied terms, conditions, warranties, representations or endorsements whatsoever with regard to any items available for purchase on our website, our website or any information or service provided through our website.
We will do our best to ensure that all materials and information published on our website are accurate, but please note that all content, materials and information on our website is provided on an 'as is' basis and you assume total responsibility and risk for your use of our website and use of all information contained within it. Please note that any measurements of items or weights of metals and stones provided by us are a guide only unless stated otherwise, and any images may not represent the actual size of an item.
If we are liable to you for any reason, our liability will be limited to twice the amount paid by you for the item concerned. This limit does not apply to any liability we may have for death or personal injury resulting from our negligence or for our fraudulent misrepresentation.
You hereby acknowledge that it is not possible for us to guarantee or warrant that any material available to you for downloading from our website will be free from infection, viruses and/or other code that has contaminating or destructive properties.
We reserve the right to cancel the contract between you and us if we have insufficient stock to deliver the goods you have ordered, if we are unable to deliver to your area or if one or more of the items you ordered was listed at an incorrect price due to a typographical error or an error in pricing due to the information provided to us by a supplier.
If the goods are not what you ordered or are damaged or defective or delivery is of an incorrect quantity we will have no liability to you unless you notify us within 14 working days of the delivery of the goods in question. Geographical address is 44 Linver Road, London, SW6 3RB.
If you do not receive the goods ordered by you within 7 working days we will only be liable if you notify us by email or telephone within 14 days of the date you ordered the goods.
General
We solely may assign any rights and/or transfer, subcontract or delegate any obligations under these terms and conditions, and/or charge or deal in any other manner with these terms and conditions or any of our respective rights or obligations. Any purported assignment, transfer, sub-contracting, delegation, charging or dealing in contravention of this clause shall be ineffective.
We may alter these terms and conditions from time to time and post the new version on our website and it is your obligation to check the terms and conditions on the website regularly.
If any provision or term of these terms and conditions shall become or be declared illegal, invalid or unenforceable, for any reason whatsoever, such term or provision shall be divisible from the other terms and conditions and shall be deemed to be deleted from them.
These terms and conditions and your use of our website are governed by English law and you submit to the non-exclusive jurisdiction of the English court.
These terms and conditions do not confer any rights on any person or party (other than you and/or us) pursuant to the Contracts (Rights of Third Parties) Act 1999.