https://www.thecabinshop.com/privacy-policy/
My Account
Checkout
Log In
My Cart 0 items: $0.00
My Wishlist
Search:
Search
The Finest in Rustic Cabin Decor Online
Home
/
Privacy Policy
Privacy Policy
This privacy policy sets out how The Cabin Shop uses and protects any information that you give us when you use this website.  The Cabin Shop is committed to ensuring that your privacy is protected. Should we ask you to provide certain information by which you can be identified when using this website, then you can be assured that it will only be used in accordance with this privacy statement. The Cabin Shop may change this policy from time to time by updating this page. You should check this page from time to time to ensure that you are happy with any changes.
What we collect
We may collect the following information:
name
address ( for order fufillment )
phone number ( for order fulfillment )
contact information including email address
demographic information such as postcode, preferences and interests
other information relevant to customer surveys and/or offers or order processing.
We do not collect Credit Card data. All data is processed and received only by the Credit Card processor(Authorize.net/Stripe Pay/PayPal)
For the exhaustive list of cookies we collect see the List of cookies we collect section.
What we do with the information we gather
We require this information to understand your needs and provide you with a better service, and in particular for the following reasons:
Internal record keeping.
We may use the information to improve our products and services.
We may periodically send promotional emails about new products, special offers or other information which we think you may find interesting using the email address which you have provided.
We will never contact you by means other than email - except to process an order when there is a problem contacting you by email.
Emails to you are limited in nature - to order fulfillment and less than 2 marketing emails per year (excludes newletter  subscribers.)
Security
We are committed to ensuring that your information is secure. In order to prevent unauthorised access or disclosure, we have put in place suitable physical, electronic and managerial procedures to safeguard and secure the information we collect online.
How we use cookies
A cookie is a small file which asks permission to be placed on your computer's hard drive( EU only). Once you agree(EU only), the file is added and the cookie helps analyse web traffic or lets us know when you visit a particular site page or came from a particular site or advertisment. Cookies allow web applications to respond to you as an individual. The web application can tailor its operations to your needs, likes and dislikes by gathering and remembering information about your preferences.( wishlists, product sorting, recently viewed products etc.)
A cookie does not take personal information from your computer - rather it puts site use information onto your computer - which can later be retrieved.  For instance, an order number can be associated with a cookie.  However no order number is saved in the cookie or other personal data. The converse would represent a more logical scenario. For example,  upon placing an order a cookie's data can be retrieved that was holding information on which site page the customer entered on or perhaps how long on the site before placing an order. - this information can be compiled with other statistics and appended or associated with an order.  The logical use example would be - page A vistors represent 34% of all sales for Product A.  This information can be useful for site owner to improve experience or markerting- but would have no impact on the privacy (individual) of the cookie recepient.  This would be a classic case of how our site uses this data.
We use traffic log cookies to identify which pages are being used. This helps us analyse data about web page traffic and improve our website in order to tailor it to customer needs. We only use this information for statistical analysis purposes and then the data is removed from the system.
Overall, cookies help us provide you with a better website, by enabling us to monitor which pages you find useful and which you do not. A cookie in no way gives us access to your computer or any information about you, other than the data you choose to share with us via orders or subcriptions. You can choose to accept or decline cookies. Most web browsers automatically accept cookies, but you can usually modify your browser setting to decline cookies if you prefer. This may prevent you from taking full advantage of the website.
Controlling your personal information
You may choose to restrict the collection or use of your personal information in the following ways:
whenever you are asked to fill in a form on the website, look for the box that you can click to indicate that you do not want the information to be used by anybody for direct marketing purposes
if you have previously agreed to us using your personal information for direct marketing purposes, you may change your mind at any time by writing to or emailing us at customer-service@thecabinshop.com
We will not sell, distribute or lease your personal information to third parties unless we have your permission or are required by law to do so.  (Currently we do not distribute any personal information of any kind to third parties and we do not sell information about our customers in any form.)
You may request details of personal information which we hold about you under the Data Protection Act 1998. A small fee will be payable. If you would like a copy of the information held on you please write to:
The Cabin Shop
118 N Peters RD STE 112
Knoxville, TN 37923
If you believe that any information we are holding on you is incorrect or incomplete, please write to or email us as soon as possible, at the above address. We will promptly correct any information found to be incorrect.
Third party cookie use - Currently we only use one third-party cookie(google analytics.)  This cookie maintains statistics about which pages are visited, how long, where the visitor came from and sometimes what term they searched and for demographic remarketing purposes.   If you would like to opt-out of google anaytic cookie statistics, please visit this link:  google analytic cookie opt-out.
For more information on what google analytics collects and how google uses this information please visit:  google partner privacy terms of use.
List of cookies we collect
The table below lists the cookies we collect and what information they store.
COOKIE nameCOOKIE Description
CART
The association with your shopping cart.
CATEGORY_INFO
Stores the category info on the page, that allows to display pages more quickly.
LEADER
Stores Affiliate tracking referrals
COMPARE
The items that you have in the Compare Products list.
CURRENCY
Your preferred currency
CUSTOMER
An encrypted version of your customer id with the store.
CUSTOMER_AUTH
An indicator if you are currently logged into the store.
CUSTOMER_INFO
An encrypted version of the customer group you belong to.
CUSTOMER_SEGMENT_IDS
Stores the Customer Segment ID
EXTERNAL_NO_CACHE
A flag, which indicates whether caching is disabled or not.
FRONTEND
You sesssion ID on the server.
GUEST-VIEW
Allows guests to edit their orders.
LAST_CATEGORY
The last category you visited.
LAST_PRODUCT
The most recent product you have viewed.
NEWMESSAGE
Indicates whether a new message has been received.
NO_CACHE
Indicates whether it is allowed to use cache.
PERSISTENT_SHOPPING_CART
A link to information about your cart and viewing history if you have asked the site.
POLL
The ID of any polls you have recently voted in.
POLLN
Information on what polls you have voted on.
RECENTLYCOMPARED
The items that you have recently compared.
STF
Information on products you have emailed to friends.
STORE
The store view or language you have selected.
USER_ALLOWED_SAVE_COOKIE
Indicates whether a customer allowed to use cookies.
VIEWED_PRODUCT_IDS
The products that you have recently viewed.
WISHLIST
An encrypted list of products added to your Wishlist.
WISHLIST_CNT
The number of items in your Wishlist.
_UTMA ans UTM*
Google analytics tracking - ( website analytic tools for website owners)
Company Information
About Us
Contact Us
Privacy Policy
Customer Service
Order Status/Account
Delivery & Rates
Cancellations & Returns
Useful Tips and Information
Customer Testimonials
Our Blog
Promotions
Follow Us:
Search Terms
Advanced Search
Orders and Returns
Contact Us
Site Map
© 2016 The Cabin Shop. All Rights Reserved.