https://www.designtorontoweb.ca/privacy-policy/
TEL: 416-855-0322
Home About
Mission and Vision About ECA Tech Toronto Web Design Company – DTW Privacy Policy
Portfolio Services
Design
Brand Strategy Corporate Website Graphic Design Logo Design Mobile Responsive
Ecommerce
E-commerce for Retails Magento Developer Shopify Basic or Plus WooCommerce For Startups X-cart Developer
CMS
Content Management Joomla Support DotNetNuke CMS Drupal Development WordPress Web Design
Apps, SEO & Others
Mobile Apps HTML5 Games Animations Web Applications SEO Toronto Website Costs
Blog Contact
Privacy PolicyDesign Toronto Web, a division of ECA Tech Inc, does not distribute, sell, or give any  information to anyone at anytime concerning customers or visitors of our website. We may collect browser platform information, such as which browsers are used to view our site and screen resolution sizes using Google Analytics. We do this to help us advise our clientele on how large their sites should be and which applications are supported by their browsers.
Our site’s “Contact Us” form requires the user to provide contact information and/or company information. This information will be used to respond to your request and serve you better.
You recognize and understand that you have no obligation to provide us with your personal information. Also, the information you provide is done so at your own will with your full consent. You understand we are under no obligation to verify the accuracy of the information source, and we assume it is provided by you at your sole discretion, unless you notify us regarding fallacy of particular information.
We do not use cookies.
We do not distribute or sell email addresses to anyone under any circumstances.
This website uses Google AdWordsThis website uses the Google AdWords remarketing service to advertise on third party websites (including Google) to previous visitors to our site. It could mean that we advertise to previous visitors who haven’t completed a task on our site, for example using the contact form to make an enquiry. This could be in the form of an advertisement on the Google search results page, or a site in the Google Display Network. Third-party vendors, including Google, use cookies to serve ads based on someone’s past visits to the designtorontoweb.ca website. Of course, any data collected will be used in accordance with our own privacy policy and Google’s privacy policy.
You can set preferences for how Google advertises to you using the Google Ad Preferences page, and if you want to you can opt out of interest-based advertising entirely by cookie settings or permanently using a browser plugin.
CALL (416) 855 0322 OR
EMAIL US TODAY
Recent Projects
Recent Posts
Why E-Commerce Should Pay Attention to the Elections November 20, 2020
Online Casino Regulation and Licensing in UK October 9, 2020
7 Things to Consider before Choosing a Web Hosting Provider September 22, 2020
Serving The GTAToronto Scarborough Mississauga Vaughan Markham
Recent CommentsEcommerce Differences Between Shopify and Magento 2 - Design Toronto Web - DTW on E-commerce for Retails
Google Rating5.0
Design Toronto Web 5.0 ×
Eleanor duddly04:28 24 Aug 17
Recently I needed a HTML5 interactive animation app for a trade-show booth. I had a very hard time finding a company who could do what I needed. The ones who could asked for very high rates until I found DTW. They did an amazing job though there were some little caveats which is to be expected as not all browsers render HTML5 the same way. Delivered App was great for our purpose however. Customer service relations was good and professional throughout the process. Highly recommend these talented guys.read more
Lisa R. Crippen14:31 05 Jul 17
I have a Magento website to sell bread and desserts online. As my bakery only deliver to certain areas we needed a custom extension to handle our delivery system/charges. My original developer built the site okay but failed to customise it according to my specific needs. I looked high and low and found DTW team. So far they have well exceeded my expectations. Highly recommend DTW to Magento website owners.read more
james joe20:27 07 Apr 17
Our Wordpress site got hacked a couple weeks ago and our webhost suspended the website because of malware. A good friend referred us to DTW and we are glad that he did. DTW downloaded the infected site, upgraded the wp version then pulled the theme and database out of the wp install and put in a new install of Wordpress to make sure there are no hidden hack codes anywhere and all in a very little time and budget. They have earned our loyalty.read more
Edward Bennett03:14 05 Apr 17
I run a small home-renovation company. I have a little bit of programming knowledge so I had built a Wordpress website myself and installed some plugins. Site was not too bad. However, I soon figured out I could not get the plugins to do exactly what I need and my programming skill was not good enough to write a custom plugin myself. So I Googled for Wordpress web developers and I found DTW. They built me a custom plugin that helps my employees log their time into the system so I can send out invoices to customers through emails. They also helped me to speed up the site load-time. Even though I never met with the team in person, they were in constant communication through email, phone and web conferences throughout the development process. I am very happy with them and highly recommend to anyone who needs help with their Wordpress websites. I will get my Quickbooks plugin built by them as soon as I can create a budget for it. Thank you DTW.read more
Frank William06:20 10 Jan 17
I run a small printing company and initially hired a company from China to add an online printing price calculator to our website. After trying to deliver for months they failed is when I hired DTW to do the same task plus to put our entire static website in Drupal as my research said it would be the best CMS for such demanding work. DTW has made us a mobile responsive website that does the calculation according to the formula I provided them with perfectly! It took longer than anticipated as the price calculating formula was much more complex than it looked also as we changed the formula quite a bit along the way but we are very happy with the outcome. I highly recommend DTW for any custom mathematical widget or extension for Drupal.read more
Dutch Bildrman08:23 05 Sep 17
I am a skilled tradesman and normally, I get all my business through referrals. Since I don't get a lot of my customers asking to see samples of my previous work, I thought it may be best to put them on a website so I can show them to the refers as well as maybe get some new business. I found DTW by searching on Google. I contacted a gentleman named Ray who was a tremendous help. Not only did they built me a nice but inexpensive Wordpress website, Ray also took the time to teach me how to market myself over the Internet. I was previously clueless as to how it all worked. Very helpful guys! Two thumbs up!read more
Sharon Brown17:47 29 Aug 17
Design Toronto web is totally rad. We have an old Joomla 1.5 site that uses a web service to acquire current rates from a local bank API. We needed to add couple more dynamic pages to the site but to our surprise, first few companies we hired failed to deliver. Turns out it's not such a simple task after all like we thought and php version used being obsolete adds to the complexity so only very few well qualified companies could do these type of work. We found among the few companies we contacted that the Design Toronto Web team was the most affordable. They completed the task successfully and on time. We will be engaging their services for sure when we want to upgrade our Joomla version to the latest one. They are top of the line and I'll recommend them any time of day!read more
Angel Marina05:39 03 Dec 16
DTW team is really good. My site was seriously outdated and used a very old version of Joomla, however, had quite a few custom extensions to display custom data that I have collected over years. DTW developers upgraded Joomla to the latest and upgraded all the extensions including the custom ones. Throughout the project they communicated the issues with me very well. Thanks to have found this team of Joomla experts. They have earned my loyalty.read more
Charles Williams22:42 29 Jul 19
Working with the Design Toronto Web has been a most pleasant experience! Their dedication and passion for what they do is exemplified by their unrivaled customer support and attentiveness to the specific needs of our business. We look forward to a long lasting and prosperous relationship with Design Toronto Web.read more
Richard Sullivan09:56 30 Jul 19
"Whenever we’ve had ideas, they do some research and come up with a solution that better fits my business." ..."
Mandip Jagdeo00:43 23 Sep 19
See All Reviews
© 2020 Design Toronto Web - DTW.