https://www.blackevents.com.au/terms-and-conditions/
loading...
Terms and conditions
Home
Terms and conditions
Terms and conditions and Privacy Policy
All orders are governed by the following terms and conditions.
You must not order or purchase goods from us if you are under the age of 18.  By placing an order with BlackEvents, you confirm that you are at least 18 years of age.  Please note that it is an offence to obtain liquor on behalf of a person under the age of 18 years; this includes purchasing wine as a gift.
Pricing
All orders are firm sales only. There is no minimum order surcharge.
All prices are inclusive of GST for sales within Australia.
All rates are in Australian dollars.
Prices of goods are subject to alterations without notice.
Credit card payments
Payments will be charged to the customer’s credit card at the time of dispatch of the order.
Refund and returns policy
All wines are subject to availability.
Claims for bottles broken in transit must be made within twenty-eight days of date of invoice. Claims will only be accepted for bottles that are broken during transit or undelivered.
In the event of cork taint, the bottle is to be reported to BlackEvents for a refund.
BlackEvents is unable to offer credit on unwanted bottles.
Delivery
Delivery charges are covered by the postage and handling fee included in each order, unless an alteration to BlackEvents’ normal shipping method is requested, in which instance any additional charges will be confirmed with the customer and added to the total prior to dispatch of the order.
Please allow up to two weeks for delivery. Any delivery timeframes specified by us are indicative only.  We are not liable for any loss or damage that you may suffer if delivery is not made within the delivery timeframes or it is delayed for any reason.
Please note that we do not deliver outside of Australia.
The person we deliver to has to be aged 18 years or over (and may be asked to provide proof of age).  If no-one is at the delivery address, or if there is no-one aged 18 or over, an attempted delivery notice will be left at the delivery address and you will need to collect your wine from the location specified in the notice.
Privacy policy
BlackEvents acknowledges and respects the privacy of individuals and does not disclose any personal details collected from you to any third party. We limit the collection and use of personal information to the minimum required to provide a high level of service to our customers. We therefore maintain the name, postal and email addresses, telephone number, payment and order processing information of customers when they order from us. The information you provide to us is used for billing and delivery purposes. You may provide us with your email address so that we can contact you about your order, answer a query or send you information on new products. We may also communicate with you again with other information that is complimentary to your original request. If you wish not to receive emails you may unsubscribe by contacting us. Your email address is private and we will never sell it to third parties. Our privacy policy is in accordance to the Privacy Act 1988 (Cth).
Measures taken to maintain security of cardholders’ account data
BlackEvents values the privacy and security of your online purchases and only uses the latest encryption software on our site. All information on our website is processed securely and all transactions are encrypted using the best Secure Server Software (SSL) available. No credit card information is stored any BlackEvents website. You have a right of access to, and alter personal information concerning yourself in accordance with the Privacy Act 1988 (Cth). Please direct any enquiries regarding this matter to BlackEvents by email to marketing@black.com.au.
Changes to terms and conditions
BlackEvents may amend these terms and conditions from time to time and will display any amendments on its website. You should regularly check the terms and conditions displayed on the website prior to purchase.
Your contract of sale will be with Black Events ABN 42 902 637 845 under Liquor Licence No. 36144187
Featured Event