https://www.mackintoshdesign.com/privacypolicy.html
icon-star
arrow
cart
lazy-arrow
search
close
hamburger
refine
facebook
flickr
google-plus
instagram
kickstarter
linkedin
mail
pinterest
print
rss
spotify
stumbleupon
tumblr
twitter
vimeo
vine
youtube
icon-visa
icon-mastercard
icon-american-express
icon-discover
icon-paypal
icon-apple-pay
New Design Gifts
Wright & Designer Rugs
Wright & Prairie Glass
Wright & Prairie Lighting
Tabletop & Glassware
Wright & Harper Textiles
Wright & Mackintosh Wall Art
Mackintosh
and Wright Jewelry
Arts & Crafts Craftsman Clocks
Wright & Designer Clocks
Wright & Designer Furniture
Wright Decorative Accents
Best Sellers
Sale Specials
Wright Outdoor & Garden
Wright & Harper Ornaments
Calendars & Stationery
Personal Accessories
Creative Toys
Great Gifts Under $50
Account
Home
>
Privacy Policy
>
Privacy Policy
Privacy Statement for Mackintosh Design
Maclin Studio has created this privacy statement in order to demonstrate our firm commitment to privacy. The following discloses our information gathering and dissemination practices for the Mackintosh Design website.
Our site uses an order form for customers to request information, products, and services. We collect visitor's contact information (such as their email address) and financial information (such as their account or credit card numbers) to send orders and information about our company to our customers and to get in touch with the customer when necessary. Financial information that is collected is only used to bill the user for products and services. Our policy at Maclin Studio is that we do not sell, rent or otherwise allow our mailing list or customer information to be used by any other companies or organizations. This site contains links to other sites. Design Collections is not responsible for the privacy practices or the content of such Web sites.We always suggest you check the privacy statement on each site that you visit.
Security
This site has security measures in place to protect the loss, misuse and alteration of the information under our control with industry state of the art software for secure commerce transactions.
Choice/Opt-Out/Update
This site gives users the following options for removing or updating information in our database.
1.You can send email to info@mackintoshdesign.com
2.You can send mail to the following postal address: 219 North Milwaukee St. Milwaukee WI 53202.
3.You can call the following telephone number: 414.276.4750
Contacting the Web Site
If you have any questions about this privacy statement, the practices of this site, or your dealings with this Web site, you can contact: Maclin Studio Inc., 219 North Milwaukee St. Milwaukee WI 53202.
info@mackintoshdesign.com
Your cart is empty.