https://www.clearly.com.au/help
Skip to main content
FAQ's
Contact
Shipping, Returns, Exchanges
Yes! Free Shipping…
All Eye glasses orders with a value of over $50 are shipped free, zero cost to you using standard delivery. You can upgrade to Express for just $9Enjoy Same-Day Shipping From Sydney on all In-Stock contacts
How long will it take for my order to arrive?
If you have chosen Express shipping and live in a metro area, expect your order to arrive next business day. For non-Metro areas, you can expect to receive your order within 3 – 4 business days
If you have chosen standard shipping, you can expect to receive your order within 2 – 6 business days
How long does it take my contact lenses to ship?
The vast majority of orders Ship Same Day. In rare cases e.g. custom orders and high prescription the shipping date for your order will be extended. To confirm a shipping date please contact our Vision Care team on 1800 639 478
What is Same Day Delivery?
How does Same Day Delivery work?
Find your contact lens brand, input your prescription and add to cart.
Enter your address and we’ll confirm your eligibility for Same Day Delivery.
Enter your mobile number so the courier can contact you directly.
Place your order by the cut-off time of 12:00 PM.
Complete your order and we’ll get your contact lenses out to you.
Delivery guidelines
Make sure that someone is at your apartment or office to sign for delivery. Remember to keep your mobile phone handy: the courier will contact you if they need to reach you during delivery. If shipping to your home, the courier will deliver in person.
Why am I ineligible for Same Day Delivery?
Location
While we’re hoping to expand this service, at the moment Same Day Delivery is only offered in the city of Sydney. Not all postal codes are eligible, though. Once you enter your postal code in our system, we can confirm eligibility. Ineligible postal codes will have Same Day Delivery removed from the shipping options.
Special order
Not all contact lenses are available in stock. Toric (for astigmatism), multifocal, RGP, and other specialty lenses are a custom order through the manufacturer and cannot be shipped on the same day they are ordered.
Unavailable Rx
Occasionally we will temporarily run out of stock on a particular prescription for an in stock contact lens product. If this happens, you will be removed from the Same Day Delivery service as we will need to order this product directly from the manufacturer before we can ship it to you.
Other products
Same Day Delivery is only available for in-stock items. Products that require assembly, such as glasses, cannot be shipped on the same day they are ordered.
Order value
At this time Same Day Delivery is not available for orders over $500.
Need more info? Call 1-800-639-478
How long will it take for my prescription glasses to ship?
Production times for prescription lenses can vary from 2–9 business days depending on the intricacy of the prescription and the type of lens required. Once your lenses have been crafted and mounted into the frame, they will be shipped
to you using your chosen shipping method.
How long will it take for my non-prescription sunglasses to ship?
Non-prescription sunglasses will ship within 1–2 business days of your order being placed, provided there are no prescription products in your order. They will be shipped using your chosen shipping method.
How do I track my order and shipment?
You can always log into MyAccount to get up-to-date order and shipment information. Learn more
When your order ships, you will be sent an email confirmation which includes a tracking number and instructions for how to track your order online. Your order will remain trackable within 30 days of the ship date
How do I make a return?
Return policy extended:
Due to the current challenges of COVID-19, we’ve temporarily extended our return policy to 60 days from the date of delivery.
What is your return policy?
60 Day Glasses & Sunglasses Return Policy:
If you are not absolutely satisfied with your glasses, simply contact our helpful Customer Service Team via our online LiveChat or toll free number at 1800 639 478 and they will assist you with an exchange or a free return for refund within 60 days of delivery.
Glasses and sunglasses must be in new unworn condition and returned in their complementary cases.
Returns Past 60 Days:
Only glasses and sunglasses [assessed by Clearly as being] in their new and unworn condition and accompanied in their complementary cases that were provided are still eligible for a one-time* exchange only between days 15 and 365. Your exchange will not be processed until the return is received and inspected for quality.
*One-time exchange means your next order purchased (exchanged) with any of the store credit generated by a return past 60 days will be a final sale, and ineligible for any return for refund or further exchange.
Contact Lenses:
We accept returns for sealed, unopened, and unmarked boxes of contact lenses within 30 days of delivery.
RGP (rigid gas permeable) lenses are custom made for each individual order. As such, they are final sale and cannot be returned or exchanged.
Accessories:
Clearly eyeglasses cases in their original as-new condition may be returned for refund within 60 days of delivery. (After 60 days they become a final sale item.)
Contact lens cases are final sale items and cannot be returned or exchanged.
How do I return or exchange my glasses and/or sunglasses?
To make a return or exchange, simply contact our Customer Service Team within 60 days of the delivery date via our online LiveChat or toll free number at 1800 639 478 for a complimentary electronic shipping label and instructions for mailing your product back to us.
Once you have printed the shipping label please place your returning items in the original package or another sturdy box. Make sure the return label is clearly visible. We ask that you ship your glasses back to us as soon as possible to initiate your refund.
How do I return my contact lenses?
To return your contact lenses, simply contact our Customer Service Team via our online LiveChat or toll free number at 1800 639 478 within 30 days of the delivery date for a complimentary electronic shipping label and instructions for mailing your product back to us.
Once you have printed the shipping label please place your returning items in the original package or another sturdy box. Make sure the return label is clearly visible. We ask that you ship your contacts back to us as soon as possible to initiate your refund.
When will I get my refund?
After initiating your return with our Customer Service Team your applicable store credit and/or refund will be applied back into the original account 1–2 weeks after the order has been received and processed at our facility.
You will be notified via email when your return has been processed and when the refund has been completed.
Can I refund to a different credit or Visa-debit card?
Yes. Call us within 60 days of the delivery date to let us know that you wish to return your order and refund to an alternate card. We cannot transfer funds to a gift card, a non-Visa debit card, and we cannot refund store credit onto a
credit/Visa-Debit card at this time.
What is the product warranty?
What is your 365 day warranty?
If you experience a manufacturing defect within 365 days of delivery, contact our Customer Service Team via our online LiveChat or toll free number at 1800 639 478 for help with your one-time replacement.
Warranty claims are subject to review; upon assessing a photo of the defect, any glasses or sunglasses classified as defective may be returned for a one time replacement. Our warranty does not cover damage caused by the wear and tear of everyday use, sudden force or impact, accidental damage, including but not limited to: lens scratches, loose hinges, missing screws, broken frames, detached temple tips or detached nose pads.
Any cosmetic issues, such as scratches, paint chips or marks, are not covered by warranty unless they occur straight from the box and are reported within 60 days of delivery; after 60 days they will be classified as wear and tear and be ineligible for any return or warranty claim.
How do I know if I’m not adjusting to my prescription?
It can up to 10 days to adjust to a new glasses prescription. To successfully adapt, make sure that you are only wearing your new glasses and not switching back to your old prescription. It can also be beneficial to have the frames professionally fitted to your face.
If you are still having trouble after 10 days, contact us and our trained Vision Ambassadors, supported by our in-house licensed optician, can address any questions or concerns. To best assist you, please have a copy of your prescription available. Our Vision Ambassadors will need to know the details of your experience with your new glasses and may request a photo of you wearing your glasses to assist with finding a solution.
Is there a warranty on contact lenses?
Defective lenses are rare as the contact lenses arrive directly to us from the manufacturer. However, if you believe you may have received a defective product, contact our Vision Ambassadors for further assistance. We may be able to provide a credit or replacement product for confirmed defects.
Ordering & Understanding Prescriptions
What do I need to make a purchase?
For Eyeglasses
When you’re looking for your next pair of glasses, you’ll want to make sure you have the following information on hand to ensure that your shopping experience is fast, efficient, and easy:
Have a copy of your glasses prescription. Learn how to read your prescription.
Make sure your Pupillary Distance (PD) has been included in your prescription. Can’t find your PD?
Use your current measurements from glasses or sunglasses that fit you well to find the products that will provide your ideal fit. Learn how to get your measurements.
You can also create prescription sunglasses in a variety of tints, or add Transitions® lenses to nearly any frame. Learn how to create prescription sunglasses.
Pupillary Distance (PD)
What is a PD?
A Pupillary Distance (PD) is the measurement in millimeters from the center of one pupil to the center of the other. An accurate PD helps guarantee that your prescription is properly focused to ensure full clarity and correction. Learn More about understanding pupillary distance (PD) and why it matters to your glasses prescription.
Why can’t I find my PD on my prescription?
There are two reasons why a PD may not appear on your prescription:
The first is that you may instead have a prescription for contact lenses. If you see a brand of contacts listed on your prescription, then these parameters will not work for glasses. You will have to contact your eye care professional to
ask for a separate glasses prescription to ensure that you have the most accurate vision correction.
The second is that your PD was simply not written on your prescription. If this is the case, contact your eyecare practitioner and ask them for your glasses PD. If you are unable to attain this number, you can measure your PD with a ruler.
Learn How.
Will I be able to purchase out of stock frames?
Unfortunately, we cannot guarantee that a sold-out product will be restocked, and therefore cannot offer a wait list for out of stock products at this time. If you see a frame you love, act fast to avoid missing out!
Looking for style advice on how to find a similar looking frame? Contact us
For Contact Lenses
When you’re searching for your prescribed brand of contact lenses, you’ll want to make sure you have the following information on hand to ensure that your shopping experience is fast, efficient, and easy:
Have a copy of your contact lens prescription — including your base curve (BC) Diameter (Dia), expiry date, and prescribed brand. Not sure how to read your prescription? Learn More.
Make sure you know how to safely insert and remove your contact lenses, and be sure of your wear schedule — whether it’s a daily, weekly, fortnightly, or monthly lens. Always speak with your eye care professional if you are
unsure. Learn More about the types of contact lenses.
For all non-daily lenses, ensure that you have a clean contact lens case and the right kind of cleaning solution to avoid eye irritation and bacterial growth. Learn More about Contact Lens Care.
Clarify the wait time for your brand — certain lens types, including multifocal, RGP, and astigmatism/toric are custom-made orders through the manufacturer and will take longer to ship. This information can be found on each brand
page, under the heading “Availability.”
Contact Lens Refills & Prescription Questions
When does my prescription expire?
There should be an expiration date listed on your contact lens prescription, set by your eye care professional. In most regions, your prescription expires after 1–2 years. If you cannot find this information, we recommend speaking
directly with your doctor.
My prescription is expired — what now?
To update your prescription and renew the expiry date, we recommend that you see your eye care professional for a refreshed eye exam.
Who can I speak to for adjustments or eye care advice?
What if I need adjustments or eye care advice?
If you have purchased your glasses from Clearly and need adjustments, you can visit Vision Excellence in Sydney, Australia. The on-site optometrist can help with comprehensive eye exams, contact lens fittings, and provide any additional eye
care advice required.
Where can I get an eye exam?
Where can I go if I need an eye exam?
If you need a new or updated prescription, you can make an appointment with an optometrist, including Vision Excellence located in Sydney, Australia.
Can I automatically refill my contact lens prescription?
Our Contact Lenses by Subscription program allows you to set a recurring delivery schedule for your prescribed contact lenses that you can change or cancel at any time. You’ll have the option to select this program while placing your
contact lens order. Learn more about Contact Lenses by Subscription.
MyAccount
What is MyAccount?
MyAccount is your central hub for order and prescription information — ensuring fast and easy checkout and delivery.
We recommend signing in as soon as you visit our site to save your favourites, and quickly access your saved prescriptions, payment, and shipping information.
What are the benefits of MyAccount?
Access and manage the following with MyAccount:
Track your Shipment(s)
See your Order History
Print Receipts, Learn how.
Save your Favourites
Access your Personal Profile (update & change your password)
Review your securely stored Address & Payment Information
Manage your prescriptions
and more — all by logging in at the start
You can also set up automatic contact lens refills and refer your friends.
How do I print my receipt(s)?
Log into your MyAccount
Click on Order History
Select "View all orders"
Click "Print Receipt" and you'll see your receipt formatted for printing.
Note: a receipt will only be generated once your order has shipped.
How do I reset my password?
If you've forgotten your password you can provide the email address that you've used and we will email you a reset message. If you simply want to change your password from within your account, select "Personal Profile" and then "Change
Password".
Price Matching & Taxes
What is your price match guarantee?
If I see a lower price on contact lenses, will you match it?
Our Price Match Guarantee means that we will match the price of any authorized online retailer. This total price includes the final amount, at checkout, for the same number of boxes, containing the same number of lenses, along with any
applicable shipping, handling, and additional fees charged by the competitor. Any sales offered by the competitor must be active at the time of the price match, and our representatives must be able to replicate the final price. Cached and
third party links, mail-in rebates, limited time offers of less than 48 hours, “limited box quantity” offers, discontinued product clearance sales, and promotions that have ended are not valid. The price match cannot be combined with any
offer on our site. We will match up to a maximum discount of $100 per order.
How do I price match my contacts?
To receive the Price Match Guarantee:
Contact us either just before making your order on our site, or within 30 days of placing your order with us.
The lower-priced online merchant must have the product currently in stock, the product listed must be identical (including number of lenses per box), and must be an established site as determined by Clearly.
Shipping and handling charges, exchange rates, sales taxes, and any other fees charged by the competitor will be included in the total when determining the price match.
You can perform a maximum of 3 price matches within a 90-day period.
The guarantee is based on the competitor's final price. As such, we cannot combine the competitor’s offer with any coupons or codes featured on our site. This offer does not extend to custom, made-to-order, and RGP lenses.
This offer is exclusive to contact lenses. Glasses are not eligible for price matches with other sites
Note: Merchant prices found through third party ads are not eligible for price matches. Prices must be validated by our Vision Ambassadors in order to be matched.
Can I price match my glasses?
We do not offer the ability to price match glasses or sunglasses featured on competitor sites, however if your eyeglasses or sunglasses go on sale on our site within 30 days of your purchase, we will provide an adjustment for the difference
in cost. After 30 days have passed, we are not able to extend this offer. Please note that this does not include the brands: Oakley, Ray-Ban, and Arnette as they are excluded from all offers, sales, discounts, and coupons.
Can I add a coupon code to my order after checkout?
We can apply a coupon to your order and adjust your cost within 30 days of your purchase date. After 30 days have passed, we are not able to extend this offer.
Price match form
Are prescription products taxed?
Prescription products — including prescription glasses, prescription sunglasses, and prescription contact lenses — do not incur sales tax at the point of purchase. Non-prescription products will be taxed at the usual rate for
your region.
Policies
Privacy Policy
Terms & Conditions
Security Policy
We’re here to help
Welcome! In addition to our contact information below, our FAQ section includes answers to our top customer questions.
Order Tracking
Available 24/7
with tracking number
Track your order
Chat
Available 24/7
Chat with an agent
Call us
Available 24/7
Call 1-800-639-478
Email
Inbox Open 24/7
Response Time: 24 Hours
customerservice@clearly.com.au
Help
Shipping & Returns
How to read my RX
Eye Health
Sign up for news and exclusive offers.
Your e-mail address
Sign Up
You can unsubscribe at any time. Please see our
privacy policy
Sign up successful!
You're good to go! Thank you for joining.
Looks like you’ve already subscribed!
Add us to your favorites so you don’t miss out
The Clearly Difference
Our Story
Our Mission
International Sites
United States
Canada
New Zealand
Shop With Confidence
Track Your Order
Our Promise
Shipping and Returns Policy
Contact Us
Help
Healthfunds
Need your eyes checked?
1800 639 478 Clearly Coupon Codes
Eye Health
How to read your prescription
Eye Health FAQ’s Contact Lens Misconceptions Contact lens care
International Sites
United States
Canada
New Zealand
Copyright © 2020 Clearly. All rights reserved.
Terms & Conditions
Privacy Policy
Sitemap
New customers get 15% off first order of contacts & free shipping when you sign up for email
You can unsubscribe at any time. Please see our
Privacy Policy
Sign up
Please enter a valid email address.
You can unsubscribe at any time. Please see our
Privacy Policy
New customers get 15% off first order of contacts & free shipping when you sign up for email
Sign up for email to get code
Sign up»
We promise to never share your information.
Privacy Policy
Oz Contacts is now part of Clearly Australia
We're excited to share that Oz Contacts has merged with Clearly Australia, which means you can now shop for the contact lenses you already love, with plenty of new benefits.
Same awesome Aussie service - and so much more
Fast and free delivery
From our Sydney warehouse on every order
24/7 customer service
Contact us via phone, email, and live chat
Australia's #1
AU's biggest online contact lens, eyeglasses and sunglasses store
Learn more about joining the Clearly Australia family
Questions? We're here to help
Please get in touch with any queries or concerns. Our Vision Ambassadors are available 24/7 - call us at 1 800 639 478 or contact us online
Net Optical Australia is now part of Clearly Australia
We're excited to share that Net Optical Australia has merged with Clearly Australia, which means you can now shop for the contact lenses you already love, with plenty of new benefits.
Same awesome Aussie service - and so much more
Fast and free delivery
From our Sydney warehouse on every order
24/7 customer service
Contact us via phone, email, and live chat
Australia's #1
AU's biggest online contact lens, eyeglasses and sunglasses store
Learn more about joining the Clearly Australia family
Questions? We're here to help
Please get in touch with any queries or concerns. Our Vision Ambassadors are available 24/7 - call us at 1 800 639 478 or contact us online
WebContacts is now part of Clearly Australia
We're excited to share that WebContacts has merged with Clearly Australia, which means you can now shop for the contact lenses you already love, with plenty of new benefits.
Same awesome Aussie service - and so much more
Fast and free delivery
From our Sydney warehouse on every order
24/7 customer service
Contact us via phone, email, and live chat
Australia's #1
AU's biggest online contact lens, eyeglasses and sunglasses store
Learn more about joining the Clearly Australia family
Questions? We're here to help
Please get in touch with any queries or concerns. Our Vision Ambassadors are available 24/7 - call us at 1 800 639 478 or contact us online
YourContacts is now part of Clearly Australia
We're excited to share that YourContacts has merged with Clearly Australia, which means you can now shop for the contact lenses you already love, with plenty of new benefits.
Same awesome Aussie service - and so much more
Fast and free delivery
From our Sydney warehouse on every order
24/7 customer service
Contact us via phone, email, and live chat
Australia's #1
AU's biggest online contact lens, eyeglasses and sunglasses store
Learn more about joining the Clearly Australia family
Questions? We're here to help
Please get in touch with any queries or concerns. Our Vision Ambassadors are available 24/7 - call us at 1 800 639 478 or contact us online