https://www.eurocarparts.com/cookie-policy
SAME DAYDelivery, order by 3pm
FREEUK Delivery over £15
Fit It For Meat 1000+ workshops
FREEClick & Collect
Free UK Delivery over
£15
Fit It For Me
250+ Stores Nationwide
Free Click & Collect
Our Retail Stores are open for Click and Collect - more info
Home
Cookie Policy
Cookie Policy
WHAT IS THIS POLICY ABOUT?
This policy is to provide you with information about how Euro Car Parts Limited (‘we’, ‘us’ or ‘our’) make use of cookies on
www.eurocarparts.com
(‘our website’) and how they relate to your privacy online.
ABOUT OUR COOKIES
We are not only addressing the legal compliance aspects of the General Data Protection Regulation (EU Regulation 2016/679), when applicable, but we also believe in open and transparent business operations. The information contained on this page is provided to ensure you are fully aware of the cookies we use, allowing you to make an informed choice about your continued acceptance of cookies. We want you to be confident in using our sites, and for you to be more than satisfied that your privacy is of utmost importance to us.
WHAT ARE COOKIES?
Cookies are small files that websites place on your computer, mobile phone, tablet or other device. They remember your visit to the site and your preferences, and enable additional features of the website to work. They may also tailor the information or adverts you see on the site and on other websites. Use of cookies is common practice and many websites use them and most internet browsers automatically accept cookies. For more detailed information about how cookies work, please visit www.allaboutcookies.org.
TYPES OF COOKIES?
There are two types of cookie that may be used during your visit to a Euro Car Parts website:
1. Session cookies
Session cookies are deleted after each visit to our site. For example, when you are browsing a Euro Car Parts site, it will remember you for the duration of your visit, but the cookie will be removed from your computer as soon as you close down your internet browser. It is session cookies that allow you to add an item to the basket and then move through the checkout. Disabling these cookies via your web browser will mean you are unable to place an order on this site.
2. Persistent cookies
Persistent cookies remember you for a set period of time. On your first visit to a Euro Car Parts site, you will be presented with a default view. Over time, the version of the site you see may change, as persistent cookies remember items you have previously viewed, preference changes you have made, or whether you logged into or out of your account while browsing.
WHY DO WE USE COOKIES?
Cookies serve many functions. Some examples are that they allow us to remember whether you are logged in to the site, to remember what items you had in your shopping basket and to serve content tailored specifically for you. Cookies are used with our marketing partners to present you with appropriate offers and advertising as you browse other sites on the internet, based on the products you looked at while on our site. Cookies also allow us to analyse, to see how you like to use our websites, which pages or special functions you prefer and help us to make them better. Cookies help us run our site efficiently, this helps us to continually improve our service so that our customers get the best user experience.
However, none of these cookies gather any personally identifiable information such as a person's name or e-mail address. Any information gathered using cookies is compiled on an aggregate or anonymous basis.
We never sell the data we hold about your shopping preferences to other companies, but use it exclusively to make your experience using our website better.
TURNING OFF AND DELETING COOKIES
Most web browsers will provide the option to turn off, or disable cookies. How you do this depends on the web browser you are using. Instructions for disabling cookies can usually be found in the browser's 'Help' menu. Note that in common with most other transactional websites, refusing all cookies (including essential cookies) via your web browser will mean that you are unable to make a transactional purchase on our website. You will also find that the functionality of many other websites and services will be affected. Cookies can be deleted using your web browser. However, unless they are disabled they will be re-applied the next time you visit a website.
Instructions on how to manage cookies can be found here http://www.allaboutcookies.org/manage-cookies/
WHAT HAPPENS IF I DO DISABLE COOKIES?
You need to be aware that if you choose to disable cookies from your browser it may prevent you from taking full advantage of our website, as some or all the areas of our website may fail to work for you.
You will see from the section above named ‘What Cookies Do We Use?’ that certain cookies that we use on our website are strictly necessary for the operation of certain aspects of the website. Therefore, please be aware that if these cookies are disabled we may be unable to provide certain services which you have requested.
Change my settings
To ensure you are fully informed of all the cookies we are using (to the point of the last review), our site is independently audited by Cookie Reports Limited. Our site is audited frequently and was
CONTACT
If you have any further questions, would like any further clarification around our use of cookies or wish to discuss how we are embracing online privacy, please contact us at webteam@eurocarparts.com
Add more products to wishlist by simply getting registered on Eurocarparts.
CloseRegister
Feedback
MASSIVE SAVINGSON CAR PARTS ONLINE*
*Excludes Performance Parts, Gifts, Tools & Garage Equipment
Apply Discount CodeContinue Shopping
FORGOT PASSWORD
If you are an existing customer with an account please enter the email address you used when registering your account. An email will be sent to you containing a link for you to reset your password.
An email with reset link has been sent to your account email id.
Email Address*
Submit