http://www.topsonline.com/privacy
Previous
Next
Product by Car Make
Alfa Romeo
AMC
Aston Martin
Audi
Austin Healey
Austin Healey Sprite
Automotive Exterior Vinyl
Automotive Fasteners by Make
Automotive Fasteners by Type
Bentley
BMW
Buick
Cadillac
Chevrolet
Chevy Camaro
Chevy Cavalier
Chevy Corvette
Chrysler
Chrysler Lebaron
Chrysler Sebring
Clear Vinyl Plastic
Clenet
Cobra
Datsun
Desoto
Dodge
Edsel
European Automotive Carpet
Ferrari
Fiat
Ford
Ford Capri
Ford Escort
Ford Mustang
Ford ThunderBird
Geo
Hillman Minx
Holden
Honda
Hudson
Infiniti
Jaguar
Jeep
Jensen
Karmann Ghia
Kia
Lamborghini
Lancia
LaSalle
Lincoln
Lotus
Marine and Outdoor Canvas
Marine Vinyls
Maserati
Mazda
McLaren
Mercedes Benz
Mercury
Mercury Capri
MG Midget
MGA
MGB & MGC
MGF & MGTF
MGTC, TD & TF
Mini Cooper
Mitsubishi
Morris Minor
Nash
Nissan
Oldsmobile
Opel
Peugeot
Plymouth
Pontiac
Porsche
Rambler
Renault
Rolls Royce
Rover
Saab
Saturn
Screws & Washers
Seat & Interior Fabrics
Seat & Interior Vinyls
SEM Paints & Preps
Shelby Cobra AC
Singer
Studebaker
Sunbeam
Suzuki
Talbot
Toyota
Triumph
Vauxhall
Volkswagen
Volvo
TopsOnline Privacy Policy and Data Collection Policies
Effective May 25, 2018
This page outlines the personal data which TopsOnline collects from you, along with the data that our 3rd Party partners collect from your web browser.
We provide information about:
Third party data collection
The data we collect
Why we collect it
Why we keep the data and how long we keep it
How you may request to receive your data
Non-personal order history data that we can provide for you
How you may request to have your data deleted (how to "be forgotten")
How to contact us if you have questions or concerns
First and foremost, TopsOnline wants you to know that we take your personal data very seriously.
We do not share it with anyone, we do not sell it to anyone, and we do not use it to market to you unless and only if you specifically ask to receive periodic information about promotions and new products.
Second, please review our Cookie Policy for information about anonymous, non-personally-identifying data that our cookies use to help our website function better, and which allow us to better serve you.
Information About Third Party Data Collection
We use the services of Google, Bing Ads, and AdRoll.
These companies collect data, including IP addresses, from the web browsers used by users of our website.
These companies provide us with anonymous (non-personally-identifying) data about users of our website.
We use this information to help improve our website, to make it easier to use.
We also use this information to craft better advertisements on search results pages on Google and Bing.
AdRoll uses anonymous visitor information so that they can serve advertisements about our website to prior site visitors as they browse the Internet.
We do not provide your personal data to these 3rd parties, including your email address; although AdRoll offers email marketing solutions to advertisers, we do not use this service and do not share your email address with AdRoll.
Each of these services have their own privacy policies and give you the ability to control how you are served advertisements from them.
Here are links which may be helpful in that regard:
Google:
https://policies.google.com/privacy?hl=en&gl=us
Bing Ads:
https://advertise.bingads.microsoft.com/en-us/resources/policies/microsoft-bing-ads-privacy-policy
AdRoll:
https://www.adrollgroup.com/privacy
We also use the services of payment processors to process electronic payments for our customers who place orders with us on our website.
Because of the nature of processing payments, we are required to share your personal data with the payment processors; for example, when processing a credit card payment, your billing address information is shared with the processor so that they can validate that the credit card actually belongs to you.
These payment processors have their own privacy policies, which may be found here:
Authorize.net:
https://www.authorize.net/en-GB/privacy/
Paypal:
https://www.paypal.com/us/webapps/mpp/ua/privacy-full
The Personal Data We Collect
When you are browsing our website, we do not collect any personal data about you on our server.
When you make a purchase, we have to collect certain personal data about you; after all, if we don't know your name or where to ship your order, we'll be stuck with an order that we cannot fulfill (and you wouldn't be happy to not receive what you've ordered if that were the case.)
So, here is a list of the personal data we collect when you place an order:
Your first and last name (and Company Name if applicable)
Your billing address (street address, city, state/region/territory, postal code, and country)
Your shipping address if different from your billing address (street address, city, state/region/territory, postal code, and country)
Your email address
Your phone number
The yar of your car
Why We Collect This Set of Personal Data
Here is that same list again, with reasons explaining why we collect each piece of data:
The following pieces of data are collected so that we may fulfill your order:
Your first and last name (and Company Name if applicable)
Your billing address (street address, city, state/region/territory, postal code, and country)
Your billing address is also used to ensure that, when your payment is processed, your payment method may be verified as valid
Your shipping address if different from your billing address (street address, city, state/region/territory, postal code, and country)
Your email address
We collect your email address so that we may email you a copy of your order, email you a notification of shipment along with a tracking number, and so that we may email you if there is a problem with your order (for example, if you have ordered a convertible top for a 1994 vehicle, then tell us that your vehicle is a 1984 model, we want to alert you if that convertible top won't fit).
Your phone number
We collect your phone number as a backup in case we are unable to contact you via email; sometimes customers accidentally provide us with a misspelled, or otherwise invalid, email address.
So, having your phone number gives us a way to contact you about your order if there is a need to do so.
The year of your car
We collect the year of your car so that we may be certain that the product you ordered will actually fit your vehicle.
Unfortunately, many customers accidentally order parts which do not fit their vehicle; we are able to catch these mistakes prior to shipping an order, simply because we collect your car year when you make a purchase.
We collect this to help provide you with the best possible experience when shopping with us.
Why We Keep This Data and How Long We Keep It
Here is the list of personal data that we collect, with explanations about why we keep it.
Generally speaking, we keep all of this data because it relates to your order.
Because you may need help with your order long after you place it, to request a return, or to make a warranty claim, we keep this data so that we can help you with these potential needs.
We keep the following data specifically because it is required in order to process a return or a warranty claim:
Your first and last name (and Company Name if applicable)
Your billing address (street address, city, state/region/territory, postal code, and country)
Your shipping address if different from your billing address (street address, city, state/region/territory, postal code, and country)
Your email address
Your phone number
The year of your car
All of this data is kept for a period of 6 years, as this is the maximum warranty period for our products
How You May Request to Receive Your Personal Data
If you would like to request a copy of your personal data, simply send an email to mydata@topsonline.com.
After we validate your email address, we will email you a .csv file which contains your personal data which you may use as you see fit.
We also can help you with non-personal data related to orders you have placed with us, so long as you have allowed us to keep your personal data in place.
This non-personal data that we can share with you at your request includes:
The order number of any order(s) you have placed
The name of any product(s) you have ordered
The price you paid for any product(s) you have ordered
How to Request that Your Personal Data Be Deleted (How to "be forgotten")
If you would like us to delete your personal data, simply send an email to forgetme@topsonline.com.
After we validate your email address, we will email you a .csv file which contains your personal data which you may use as you see fit, and then we will delete your personal data from our server.
Please note that once we delete your personal data from our systems, we will be unable to provide you with any order history information.
This is because your personal data will have been deleted from our server, therefore erasing any connections between you and your order history.
How to Contact Us if You Have Questions or Concerns About Your Data
If you have any questions or concerns about your personal data, please email us at mydata@topsonline.com.
We will gladly help you.
Convertible Tops
Chrysler
Sebring Convertible Tops
The Chrysler Sebring (sold as
the Chrysler Cirrus in Mexico) is a mid-size coupe produced by Chrysler from 1995-2010.
This affordable car has been a popular favorite over the years, which has kept the
Chrysler Sebring sales strong. When replacing your Chrysler Sebring convertible top, be
sure to choose the
correct model year in order to get the right Sebring top for your model.
Ford
Mustang Convertible Tops
The Ford Mustang is one of Ford's most
enduring models. The Mustang is one of the original muscle cars: it created the "pony
car" class of powerful sports car coupes. Originally introduced in 1964 at the New York
World's Fair, the Ford Mustang - including the Mustang convertible top models - is
Ford's third oldest nameplate still in production. The Shelby Mustang has a loyal
following among enthusiasts and collectors. Shopping for a Shelby Mustang convertible
top or a Ford Mustang convertible top? Check
out our selection!
Mazda Miata
Convertible Tops
The Miata (also known as the Mazda MX5) was introduced in 1989 and quickly became an
immensely popular two-seater convertible roadster. The Miata's small size, light weight,
and power hearkened back to popular small sports cars of the past, like the
Austin-Healey Sprite and the Lotus Elan. Drop the Mazda Miata convertible top and get
ready to have a blast! No less an authority than Jeremy Clarkson has said
that "if you want a sports car, the MX-5 is perfect."
Nissan
Convertible Tops
Nissan's Z-Car line, which includes the Nissan 350Z convertible top, is one of the
world's bestselling sports car lines with over 2 million cars sold. Nissan cars have
garnered a well-deserved reputation for being dependable, reliable, and affordable, ever
since the Datsun 280Z (sold as the Fairlady
outside the United States) took the world by storm.
Porsche
Convertible Tops
The Porsche 911 and Porsche Boxster are two of
the most popular and enduring consumer sports cars available today. The Porsche 911
convertible top was introduced as the Porsche 911 Cabrio in 1984. The Porsche 986, also
known as the Porsche Boxster, no doubt counts the Boxster convertible top as part of its
resounding success.
Toyota
Convertible Tops
The Toyota Celica is one of Toyota's best-selling cars. It is available in a wide variety
of body styles, but the Celica convertible top (ASC conversion) has been one of the most
popular throughout the years. The MR2 Spyder
convertible top is also a fun and sporty vehicle. The MR2 Spyder soft top is as
entertaining as it is economical.
VW
Convertible Tops
VW convertible top models include the convertible Beetle and the convertible Golf (sold
as the VW Rabbit in the United States). The VW cabrio
top is definitely part of the appeal of this long-lasting brand, ensuring VW's
reputation as one of the best car manufacturers in the world.
Distributor for:
×
Continue
Shopping