http://www.golfteesetc.com/pages/policies-terms-and-conditions
Free Shipping on all order over $50
Search
Home
Shop For Products
Personalized Items Tournament Gifts
Personalized Golf Tees
Personalized Golf Balls
Personalized Golf Ball Markers
Personalized Divot Tools
Tournament / Tee Packs
Personalized Golf Hats
Personalized Golf Pencils
Personalized Golf Towels
Personalized Golf Shirts
Personalized Golf Umbrellas
About Us
Contact Us
Sign in
Create an Account
Menu
Cart 0
Home
›
Policies, Terms and Conditions
Policies, Terms and Conditions
Copyright and Trademark Notice
Unless otherwise specified, all materials appearing on this site, including the text, site design, logos, graphics, icons, and images, as well as the selection, assembly and arrangement thereof, are the sole property of this Store., Copyright © 2011, ALL RIGHTS RESERVED. You may use the content of this site only for the purpose of shopping on this site or placing an order on this site and for no other purpose. No materials from this site may be copied, reproduced, modified, republished, uploaded, posted, transmitted, or distributed in any form or by any means without our prior written permission. All rights not expressly granted herein are reserved. Any unauthorized use of the materials appearing on this site may violate copyright, trademark and other applicable laws and could result in criminal or civil penalties.
^ Top
Credit Cards
We accept the following credit cards: Visa, MasterCard, Discover, American Express and Paypal. There is no surcharge for using your credit card to make purchases. Please be sure to provide your exact billing address and telephone number (i.e. the address and phone number your credit card bank has on file for you). Incorrect information will cause a delay in processing your order. Your credit card will be billed upon shipment of your order.
Please note - we take securely extremely seriously and you can be assured that all transactions made on this website are secure. We do not see or store any credit card information. This is all held by our secure third party payment provider.
^ Top
Links
This site may contain links to other sites on the Internet that are owned and operated by third parties. You acknowledge that we're not responsible for the operation of or content located on or through any such site.
^ Top
Multiple Product Orders
For a multiple product order, we will make every attempt to ship all products contained in the order at the same time. Products that are unavailable at the time of shipping will be shipped as they become available, unless you inform us otherwise. Your payment is processed in full when your order is placed therefore you will not be charged any extra for part-shipping.
^ Top
Order Acceptance Policy
Your receipt of an electronic or other form of order confirmation does not signify our acceptance of your order, nor does it constitute confirmation of our offer to sell. Golf Tees Etc. reserves the right at any time after receipt of your order to accept or decline your order for any reason or to supply less than the quantity you ordered of any item.
^ Top
Other Conditions
These Conditions will supersede any terms and/or conditions you include with any purchase order, regardless of whether Golf Tees Etc. signs them or not. We reserve the right to make changes to this site and these Conditions at any time.
^ Top
Privacy
We keep your personal information private and secure. When you make a purchase from our site, you provide your name, email address, credit card information, address, phone number, and a password. We use this information to process your orders, to keep you updated on your orders and to personalize your shopping experience.
Our secure servers protect your information using advanced encryption techniques and firewall technology. We DO NOT store or see any credit card numbers ourselves. These are handled securely by our payment provider.
If you sign up to our newsletter your email address will never be rented or sold to any other party and will be used strictly to inform you about offers within our store.
We use "cookies" to keep track of your current shopping session to personalize your experience and so that you may retrieve your shopping cart at any time.
^ Top
Privacy on Other Web Sites
Other sites accessible through our site have their own privacy policies and data collection practices. Please consult each site's privacy policy. Golf Tees Etc. are not responsible for the actions of third parties.
^ Top
Returns
Golf Tees Etc. is committed to providing products of high quality and value, and we back this commitment with a satisfaction guarantee. If you purchase an item from us that for any reason fails to give complete satisfaction, you may return it to us for an exchange or full refund so long as it is new and unused, and in its original packaging.
The following products may not be returned:
Special orders Custom golf clubs Personalized items This guarantee must be exercised within 30 days of your receipt of the merchandise.
Returns and exchanges are accepted only for items purchased from Golf Tees Etc.. Refunds will be applied based on the original method of payment.
Defective Products
Any defective product may be returned within 30 days for a replacement or refund.
Warranty Claims
Warranty claims are subject to the discretion of the original product manufacturer. Warranty information is included with many manufacturers’ products, or may be found on their respective websites. Please contact Golf Tees Etc. prior to returning any merchandise for warranty consideration.
Shortages
Many orders ship in multiple cartons and may arrive days apart, so check your packing slip before calling us to report a shortage. All claims for shortages must be made with the carrier within 10 days of the invoice date.
Damaged Goods
If an item reaches you in damaged condition, save the shipping carton and notify Golf Tees Etc. at once. Please do not return damaged or broken merchandise to us unless you receive our instructions to do so. This is necessary so that you do not lose your right to file a claim. All claims for damaged goods must be made with the carrier within 10 days of the invoice date.
Restocking Fees / Shipping Fees
If you wish to return an item that is not faulty and was just ordered incorrectly or you have changed your mind, then a restocking fee maybe applied depending on the product. For example, all Team Golf items incur a 20% restocking fee as they are sent directly back to the manufacturer. (A returns authorization must still be obtained in advance. We will advise on other restocking fees prior to sending returns authorization. The cost of returning the goods in this instance must be covered by the buyer.
Please also note that if you wish to return an item that is not faulty and was just ordered incorrectly or you have changed your mind, and we originally shipped for free, then the original cost of shipping will be deducted from the refund. If we do not do this then we would lose money on the transaction.
How to Return Merchandise
If you wish to return an item, please email us on inquiries@golfteesetc.com providing details of why you wish to return and we can arrange this for you.
^ Top
Shipping Policy
We make every attempt to ship golf tees, GPS systems and golf accessories the same day. All items less than 5 pounds are sent USPS Priority Mail or USPS First Class Mail. Delivery will take approximately 3-4 days. Large items can take up to 48 hours to process and will be delivered in approximaley 5 business days via FedEx, UPS or DHL delivery. In some cases, to ensure an item gets to you quicker we may ship to you direct from the manufacturer. Most orders received before 3:00pm will ship the same day, provided the product ordered is in stock. Most orders received after 3:00pm will shipped the next business day. Orders are processed and shipped on most Saturday's.
We cannot guarantee when an order will arrive. Consider any shipping or transit time offered to you by Golf Tees Etc or other parties only as an estimate. We encourage you to order in a timely fashion to avoid delays caused by shipping or product availability.
^ Top
Taxes
Our Store shall automatically charge and withhold the applicable sales tax for orders to be delivered to addresses within the same state. For orders shipped to other states, you are solely responsible for all sales taxes or other taxes.
^ Top
Typographical Or Other Errors
In the event a product is listed at an incorrect price due to typographical error, error in pricing information received from our suppliers or any technical error where the actual price is not properly registered when an order is placed, Golf Tees Etc. shall have the right to refuse or cancel any orders placed for product listed at the incorrect price. Golf Tees Etc. shall have the right to refuse or cancel any such orders whether or not the order has been confirmed and your credit card charged. If your credit card has already been charged for the purchase and your order is canceled, Golf Tees Etc. shall immediately issue a credit to your credit card account in the amount of the incorrect price
^ Top