http://www.fredlyn.com/privacy
Privacy
We are committed to respecting and protecting your privacy.
For visitors, we've structured our web sites so that, in general, you can visit us on the web without identifying yourself or revealing any personal information.
For customers, once you choose to provide us personally identifiable information (any information by which you can be identified), you can be assured that it will only be used to support your customer relationship with us.
Visitors to Our Website
What information do we collect?
When you visit our web site, our web server collects basic user information about you that includes your ISP's domain, the time you accessed our web site, and the pages from within our web site that you visit.
We may at times also use cookies, which are small pieces of information that a web site can store in a designated file on your computer. Cookies allow a web application to respond to you as an individual. By gathering and remembering information about your preferences, the web application can tailor its operation to your needs, likes, and dislikes.
How do we use this information?
The basic user information collected is used to help us analyze web traffic and to improve the content of our web site. Cookies may be used to facilitate your customer interaction with us. For example, we may use a cookie on the landing page of products sold online which record the customer information that is required on the order form, and then forward this information to our internal sales tracking database.
Our Customers
What information do we collect?
When you sign up for our services, you provide us with both contact and payment information. Contact information typically includes your name, address, and phone number. Payment information typically includes your billing information and/or credit card number.
While you are a customer, we manage information with regard to your account status, choice of services, and customer logs. In addition, we may store customers' electronic mail and other communications as a necessary incident to the transmission and delivery of those communications.
How do we use this information?
We use the contact information you provide us to establish our service for you. We use payment information for payment processing purposes only. We create and maintain other information such as customer account status, choice of services, and customer logs in the normal course of providing service.
We will not otherwise disclose customer personal and account information unless we have reason to believe that disclosing such information is necessary to identify, make contact with, or bring legal action against someone who may be causing harm or interfering with our rights or property, our customers, or others, or where we have a good faith belief that the law requires such disclosure.
We also will not, except for reasons stated below, disclose to third parties the contents of any electronic mail or other electronic communications that we store or transmit for our customers. The circumstances under which we will disclose such electronic customer communications are when:
1. It is necessary in order to provide service to the customer; 2. It is necessary to protect our legitimate interests and our customers; 3. It is required to cooperate with interception orders, warrants, or other legal process that we determine in our sole discretion to be valid and enforceable; and 4. It is necessary to provide to a law enforcement agency when the contents are inadvertently obtained by us and appear to pertain to the commission of a crime.
We disclaim any intention to censor, edit, or engage in ongoing review or surveillance of communications stored on or transmitted through its facilities by customers or others. We will, however, review, delete, or block access to communications that may harm us, our customers or third parties. The grounds on which we may take such action include, but are not limited to, actual or potential violations of our Terms of Use.
Customers may opt out of receiving newsletters and/or notices of new or upgraded products from us by submitting a request. In this request, customers must identify their domain name and contact information.
Please note, however, that we reserve the right to send bulletins and other important information regarding our services at our discretion.
Top