https://www.acc123.com/privacypolicy.html
General Info | Contact Us | Site MapQUICK QUESTION? TEXT US!
Home
|
Amy's Card Creations Online Privacy Policy At Amy's Card Creations we value your trust. We want you to know how we collect, use and protect information about our online guests. This privacy policy will tell you:What information we collect.How we may share information.How you can limit our sharing of information.Information You Give UsWe receive and may store any information you enter on our website or give to our website in any other way. We collect information you provide when you place an order, register with us, send us an e-mail or call us. Examples of this information would be:your name.your mailing address.your e–mail address.your phone number.your credit card number.It may also include any other personal or preference information you provide to us.  Examples of this would be birth statistics and information that would be required to fulfill your order.  It may also include information you submit about other people, for example, the name and address of a gift recipient.Photographs submitted to Amy's Card Creations, LLC may be respectfully usedon this website and partner sites, and printed samples, unless otherwisespecified by customer.
Any use of photographs of children will be used onlywith the utmost care.
No identifying names or information will be shown or shared withother customers or the public.Amy's Card Creations and CookiesWe receive and store certain types of information whenever you interact with our website. For example, we use "cookies" like many other websites. Through "cookies" we obtain certain types of information when your web browser accesses our website. There are utilities designed to help you visit websites anonymously. Although we cannot provide you with a personalized experience or certain services at our website if we cannot recognize you, we want you to be aware that these tools exist.What are "Cookies" and how do we use them? Cookies are alphanumeric identifiers that we transfer to your computer's hard drive through your web browser. Cookies allow us to provide features such  storage of items in your Cart between visits.Does our website share information it receives?Absolutely not.  Your information will never be shared, sold or otherwise released in any way.  It is our policy to keep all information strictly guarded through physical, electronic and legal controls.What choices do I have?E–MailsIf you provide our website with your e-mail address, you may receive e-mails from us. If you do not want to receive marketing or promotional e-mails from us, please opt out of the emails if you should ever receive one.  More InformationIf you have any other questions concerning our Privacy Policy, Please email us ACC123@gvtc.com .What about links to and from other websites?Our website may offer links to other sites. Other sites have their own policies regarding privacy. If you visit one of these sites, you may want to review the privacy policy on that site. In addition, you may have linked to our website through another site. You may want to refer to the privacy policies on those sites to see how they collect and use this information.Our Commitment to Data SecurityWe have appropriate physical, electronic and procedural security safeguards to protect and secure the information we collect.Secure Sockets Layering (SSL)Our website uses Secure Sockets Layering (SSL) to encrypt your personal credit information, including your credit card number, before it travels over the Internet. SSL technology is the industry standard for secure online transactions. Because we use SSL, placing an order online at our website is just as safe as giving your credit card number over the phone.Safe Shopping GuaranteeOur security measures are designed to prevent anyone from stealing and using your credit card number. In addition, consumer protection laws protect you against the unauthorized use of your credit card. Under the Fair Credit Billing Act, if your credit card is used without your authorization, your liability for those fraudulent charges cannot exceed $50.Last Updated August 25, 2005 14:22 pm
Our Company
About Us
Customer Reviews
Privacy and Security
Customer Service
Product Information
Products
Photo Requirements
Samples
Earth Friendly
Order Information
Order Status
Cancellation Policy
Shipping Information
Proofing
Ideas, Guides & Tips
Party Planning Guide
Choosing a Birthday Party Theme
Party Planning Checklist
Photography Tips