http://www.ammoinc.com/privacy-policy/
Skip to content
News, events, and special offers
We'll never share your personal information
Name *Email *MessageSubmit
Privacy Policy of SNI LLC (“SNI”)
What information does SNI collect?
i.           SNI collects information from you when you register on the site, place an order, enter a contest or sweepstakes, respond to a survey or communication such as e-mail, or participate in another site feature.
ii.         When ordering or registering, we may ask you for your name, e-mail address, mailing address, phone number, credit card information or other information. You may, however, visit our site anonymously.
iii.         SNI also collects information about gift recipients so that SNI can fulfill the gift purchase. The information SNI collects about gift recipients is not used for marketing purposes.
iv.         Like many websites, SNI uses “cookies” to enhance your experience and gather information about visitors and visits to our websites. Please refer to the “Does SNI use ‘cookies’?” section below for information about cookies and how SNI uses them.
How does SNI use your information?
SNI may use the information SNI collects from you when you register, purchase products, enter a contest or promotion, respond to a survey or marketing communication, surf the website, or use certain other site features in the following ways:
i.           To quickly process your transactions.
ii.          To administer a contest, promotion, survey or other site feature.
iii.         To personalize your site experience and to allow us to deliver the type of content and product offerings in which you are most interested.
iv.          To allow us to better service you in responding to your customer service requests.
If you have opted-in to receive our e-mail newsletter, SNI may send you periodic e-mails. If you would no longer like to receive promotional e-mail from us, please refer to the “How can you opt-out, remove or modify information you have provided to us?” section below. If you have not opted-in to receive e-mail newsletters, you will not receive these e-mails. Visitors who register or participate in other site features such as marketing programs and ‘members-only’ content will be given a choice whether they would like to be on our e-mail list and receive e-mail communications from us.
How does SNI protect visitor information?
SNI implements a variety of security measures to maintain the safety of your personal information. Your personal information is contained behind secured networks and is only accessible by a limited number of persons who have special access rights to such systems, and are required to keep the information confidential. When you place orders or access your personal information, SNI offers the use of a secure server. All sensitive/credit information you supply is transmitted via Secure Socket Layer (SSL) technology and then encrypted into our databases to be only accessed as stated above.
Does SNI use “cookies”?
Yes. Cookies are small files that a site or its service provider transfers to your computer’s hard drive through your Web browser (if you allow) that enables the site’s or service provider’s systems to recognize your browser and capture and remember certain information. For instance, SNI uses cookies to help us remember and process the items in your shopping cart. They are also used to help us understand your preferences based on previous or current site activity, which enables us to provide you with improved services. SNI also uses cookies to help us compile aggregate data about site traffic and site interaction so that SNI can offer better site experiences and tools in the future.
We may contract with third-party service providers to assist us in better understanding our site visitors. These service providers are not permitted to use the information collected on our behalf except to help us conduct and improve our business.
You can choose to have your computer warn you each time a cookie is being sent, or you can choose to turn off all cookies. You do this through your browser (like Netscape Navigator or Internet Explorer) settings. Each browser is a little different, so look at your browser Help menu to learn the correct way to modify your cookies. If you turn cookies off, you won’t have access to many features that make your site experience more efficient and some of our services will not function properly. However, you can still place orders over the telephone by contacting customer service.
Website Analytics.
In addition, SNI may contract from time to time with a number of third party analytics providers to better help us operate the Site, report Site traffic, statistics and other activities on the Site, specifically including the success of advertising campaigns conducted on the Site, By placing cookies on your computer, these services collect information such as how often you visit the Sites, what pages you visit or what banners you “click through,” and the site you were visiting prior to coming to the Site during your visit.
Each of the analytics service providers SNI has  engaged participate in the Digital Advertising Alliance (DAA), meaning that the companies have agreed to abide by a set of rules with respect to the application of their services to consumer personal information.  You can visit the DAA site at http://www.aboutads.info/choices in order to learn about the DAA and to opt-out of the services being used by the Site and block their use of cookies to track your use of the Site and its ad campaigns (as well as your use of all other Internet websites).
Mobile Devices
In addition to the information described above, SNI and our third-party service providers may collect additional information when you utilize any of our mobile applications, including the type of mobile device you use, the temporary or persistent unique device identifiers (sometimes called UDID), the IP address of your mobile device, your mobile operating system, the type of mobile Internet browsers you use, and information about the way you use our mobile applications.
If you utilize any of the location-based services in our mobile applications, such as the functionality that allows you to search for a participating FFL in your area, SNI and our third-party service providers may collect, use, and share location data, including the real-time geographic location of your device. SNI uses such information to provide and improve location-based products and services. You may opt-out from further allowing us to have access to your location data by adjusting the permissions in your mobile device.
How SNI Shares Your Information
SNI does not sell or rent your personal information collected on the Site to non-affiliated third parties unless you have opted in to such sharing.  However, SNI may share your personal information submitted at the Site among other members of our affiliated group of companies, who may use that information only to the extent consistent with the policies described in this Privacy Policy. For a list of affiliated companies, please contact us at the address listed below under “Contact Us.”
Other than as described in the paragraph above or as specifically described elsewhere in this Privacy Policy, SNI will not share your personal information collected on the Site with third parties without your permission, except as necessary or appropriate to (i) carry out the transaction, activity or request made by you on the Site or otherwise, (ii) comply with any applicable law, court order or other judicial process, or (iii) enforce or apply agreements with you, or protect the rights, property or safety of us, our affiliates or third parties, or as otherwise required or permitted by law.
In the event of a corporate transaction such as a sale, merger or reorganization or in the unlikely event of a bankruptcy or similar restructuring involving all or a portion of ammoinc.com, SNI LLC,  or its parent and/or affiliate company(ies) (including but not limited to a spinoff of an affiliate, and subsequent acquisition of that affiliate by a new third party), or a sale or transfer of assets, SNI reserves the right to disclose or transfer your personal information to non-affiliated third party acquiring company(ies) and other third parties.  In the event of such a sale or transfer, SNI will use reasonable efforts to direct the transferee(s) to use personal information you have provided through this Site in a manner that is consistent with this Privacy Policy.  SNI may collect and share aggregate website statistical information (such as bids, sales, traffic patterns or related information) with third parties.
We hire contractors to provide certain services on our behalf, including trend and statistical analysis, marketing campaigns, information processing and storage, and development of new products and services.  As part of their services to us, these contractors may have access to some or all of the data that SNI maintains, including transaction data and your personal information, but they are always required to maintain the confidentiality of information they receive from us and are restricted from using the information for any purposes other than those authorized by us.
We do not share your personal information with any third parties for such third parties’ marketing purposes, unless you have opted into such sharing.
Except as otherwise provided, this Privacy Policy only addresses the information that SNI collects from you, but not about how third parties to whom you disclose your information may use and disclose it.  If you disclose your personal information to third parties such as bidders, buyers and sellers on our Site, other rules may apply to how they use and disclose information provided to them.  SNI does not police or influence the privacy parties of third parties.  When providing your personal information to third parties, their privacy policies govern their use and disclosure of your personal information.  Before disclosing your personal information to a third party, you should familiarize yourself with their privacy policy.  SNI also encourages you to disclose your privacy policies to third parties with whom you are dealing through our Site.  When Users transact with each other, they may have access to each other’s name, user id information, email address and other contact information.  By using our Site, you agree to use other Users’ information only for ammoinc.com transaction-related purposes or other purposes for which a User explicitly chooses.
How can you opt-out, remove or modify information you have provided to us?
To modify your e-mail subscriptions, please let us know by modifying your preferences in the “My Account” section. Please note that due to email production schedules you may receive any emails already in production.
To delete all of your online account information from our database, sign into the “My Account” section of our site and remove your shipping addresses, billing addresses & payment information. Please note that SNI may maintain information about an individual sales transaction in order to service that transaction and for record keeping.
Third party links
In an attempt to provide you with increased value, SNI may include third party links on our site. These linked sites have separate and independent privacy policies. SNI therefore has no responsibility or liability for the content and activities of these linked sites. Nonetheless, SNI seeks to protect the integrity of our site and welcome any feedback about these linked sites (including if a specific link does not work).
Changes to our policy
If SNI decides to change our privacy policy, we will post those changes on this page. Policy changes will apply only to information collected after the date of the change. This policy was last modified on April 5, 2017.
Questions and feedback
SNI welcomes your questions, comments, and concerns about privacy. Please send us any and all feedback pertaining to privacy, or any other issue.
Online Policy Only
This online privacy policy applies only to information collected through our website and not to information collected offline.
Terms and Conditions
Please also visit our Terms and Conditions section establishing the use, disclaimers, and limitations of liability governing the use of our website.
Your Consent
By using our site, you consent to our privacy policy.
Recent Posts
Unprecedented Demand Results in Booked Orders in Excess of $135 million
AMMO, Inc. Announces Closing of $18 Million Upsized Public Offering of Common Stock
AMMO, Inc. Announces Pricing of $18 Million Upsized Public Offering of Common Stock and Concurrent Uplisting to the Nasdaq Capital Market
AMMO, Inc. Continues to Expand Law Enforcement Market Offerings
AMMO, Inc. Updates Guidance for Fiscal Year 2021 to $55 million Reflecting Projected 272% Year Over Year Revenue Growth
Categories
News
Press Releases