http://www.badgerbalm.com/t-termsandconditions.aspx
Toggle navigation
Free Shipping with $25 order!FREE Lip Balm with each order!
Cart (0)
Checkout
Login
Healing Products • Healthy Business • Make A Difference
Cart (0)
Checkout
Login
FREE SHIPPING with $25 order!FREE LIP BALM with each order!
Shop
Main Categories
Sun Care
Bug & Outdoor
Face Care
Lip Care
Hand & Body Moisturizers
Baby, Kid & Mom
Muscle & Joint Care
Aromatherapy & Wellness
Sleep Care
Hair Care
Men's Grooming
Specialty Categories
USDA Certified Organic
Unscented
Vegan
Gluten Free
Fair Trade
Rose Beauty
Balms in Tins
More
New Products
Sales & Discounts
Bestsellers
Multi-Pack Discounts
Website Exclusives
Clothing & Accessories
Gifts
Gifts Under $10
All Products
About
Company Info
Who We Are
Family Friendly Workplace
People & Planet
Badger is a B Corp
Badger Events
Company Awards
Videos
Product Info
Ingredient Glossary
Ingredients & Growers
Product Certifications
Frequently Asked Questions
Sunscreen Info
About Badger Sunscreens
Hawaii Sunscreen Ban
Reef Safe Sunscreen
Zinc Oxide & Nanoparticles
What is SPF?
Biodegradable Sunscreen
Badger Sunscreen FAQ
Broad Spectrum UVA UVB
Badger Sunscreen Reviews
Water Resistant Sunscreen
Sunscreen Claims
Sun Safety
Blog
Contact
Contact Us
Visit Badger
Store Locator
Shipping, Ordering & Returns
Press
Careers
Wholesale
My Account
My Orders
Login
Search
Sitewide Sale! Save 25% over $50. Save 15% under $50. Discount applied at checkout.
Terms & Conditions
1. Terms
By accessing this website, you are agreeing to be bound by these website Terms and Conditions of Use, all applicable laws and regulations, and agree that you are responsible for compliance with any applicable local laws. If you do not agree with any of these terms, you are prohibited from using or accessing this site. The materials contained in this website are protected by applicable copyright and trade mark law.
2. Use License
You are granted a limited, non sub-licensable, license to download, electronically copy or print the materials (information or software) on W.S. Badger Company, Inc.'s website for personal, non-commercial (except to purchase Badger products), or educational use only. This is the grant of a license, not a transfer of title, and under this license you may not:
modify or re-sell any of the materials on the site;use the materials for any commercial purpose, or for any public display (commercial or non-commercial);attempt to decompile or reverse engineer any software contained on the site;remove any copyright or other proprietary notations from the materials;transfer the materials to another person or "mirror" the materials on any other server; oruse the site or materials in any way other than their intended use. This license shall automatically terminate if you violate any of these restrictions and may be terminated by W.S. Badger Company, Inc. at any time. Upon the termination of this license, you must destroy any downloaded materials in your possession whether in electronic or printed format.
3. Disclaimer
W.S. Badger Company, Inc. makes no warranties, expressed or implied, and hereby disclaims all warranties, including without limitation, implied warranties or conditions of merchantability, fitness for a particular purpose, or non-infringement of intellectual property or other violation of rights.
4. Limitations
In no event shall W.S. Badger Company, Inc. or its suppliers be liable for any damages (including, without limitation, damages for loss of data or profit, or due to business interruption,) arising out of the use or inability to use the materials on W.S. Badger Company, Inc.'s website, even if W.S. Badger Company, Inc. or a W.S. Badger Company, Inc. authorized representative has been notified orally or in writing of the possibility of such damage.
5. Revisions and Errata
The materials appearing on W.S. Badger Company, Inc.'s website could include technical, typographical, or photographic errors. W.S. Badger Company, Inc. does not warrant that any of the materials on its website are 100% accurate, complete, or current. W.S. Badger Company, Inc. may make changes to the materials contained on its website at any time without notice. W.S. Badger Company, Inc. does not, however, make any commitment to update the materials.
6. Links
W.S. Badger Company, Inc. has not reviewed all of the sites linked to its Internet website and is not responsible for the contents of any such linked site. The inclusion of any link does not imply endorsement by W.S. Badger Company, Inc. of the site. Use of any such linked website is at the user's own risk.
7. Purchasing Products
This website sells products for private, personal, and residential use only. If you want to buy Badger products to re-sell or otherwise distribute in any way you must set up a Wholesale Account with us. We reserve the right to review and cancel orders that we feel are being re-sold or that are shipping to a commercial address outside our normal guidelines.
8. Product Reviews
W.S. Badger Company, Inc. is not responsible for
the contents of product reviews that appear on this website. Our reviews are
collected, managed, moderated (screened for standard errors, profanity, mistakes and relevancy), and published on our website by
third party software 'PowerReviews'. This third party system does not
filter out reviews that compare our products to drugs or make drug-like claims
about our products. We regularly moderate the product reviews that get
published onto our website and delete those that make inappropriate claims
about our products. The inclusion of any product reviews on our website does
not imply endorsement by W.S. Badger Company, Inc. We recommend you read the Terms of Use and Privacy Policy for PowerRevews.
9. Site Terms of Use Modifications
W.S. Badger Company, Inc. may revise these terms of use for its website at any time without notice. By using this website you are agreeing to be bound by the then current version of these Terms and Conditions of Use.
10. Governing Law
Any claim relating to W.S. Badger Company, Inc.'s website shall be governed by the laws of the State of New Hampshire without regard to its conflict of law provisions.
Click Here to read our Privacy Policy.
Click to join our email list and get a 15% off coupon now!
Call:800-603-6100 Email:custserv@badgerbalm.com
Home | Store Locator | Privacy | Terms
Shop
New Products
All Products
Baby & Kids
Lip Balm
Man Care
Sleep
Mineral Sunscreen
About
Who We Are
B-Corp
Events
Ingredients
Mineral Sunscreen Info
Videos
FAQ
Contact
Customer Service
Store Locator
Visit Badger
Shipping, Ordering & Returns
Press
Careers
Wholesale Info
Connect
Facebook
Twitter
Pinterest
Instagram
Youtube
Blog
Custom formulated & produced with care by the W.S. Badger Company:makers of mineral sunscreens, coral reef safe sunscreens, organic lip balms, all-natural bug repellents, and other powerfully pure body care products.
768 Route 10 Gilsum, New Hampshire 03448 • USA • 800-603-6100 or 603-357-2958
© Copyright 2020. All rights reserved.
Privacy Policy   •   Terms and Conditions   •   Site Map
e
Shopping Cart:
0
Items
Your shopping cart is currently empty.
Discounts:
Total:
$0.00
Close
Checkout
Loading...