http://www.nostalgia.com/pages/privacy
Browse
Close menu
Music
See More
"Close Cart"
Pre-Orders
Exclusive Vinyl
New Releases
Autographed CDs
KPop
Cassettes & CDs
Record Store Day
Vinyl Singles
Vinyl Deals
Rock
Alternative/Indie
Classic Rock
Metal
Punk + Hardcore
Blues
Jazz
Hip Hop + Rap
Pop
Reggae
R&B + Soul
Country + Bluegrass
Classical
Dance + Electronic
Holiday
Folk/Singer Songwriter
Soundtracks/Broadway
Spoken Word + Comedy
Pop/Jazz Vocals
Comics & Books
See More
"Close Cart"
Exclusive Comics
Graphic Novels
Manga
Books
Clothing
See More
"Close Cart"
T-Shirts
Men's Shirts
Women's Shirts
Socks
Hoodies
Robes + Loungewear
Bags + Wallets
Face Masks
Pins & Jewelry
Hats + Beanies
Scarves & Gloves
Collectibles
See More
"Close Cart"
Funko POP!
Funko SODA
Actions Figures & Statues
Plush Toys
Blind Boxes
Collectibles Pre-Orders
Funko Pop! Movies
Funko Pop! Television
Funko Pop! Animation
Funko Pop! Anime
Funko Pop! Games
Funko Pop! Disney
Funko Pop! Star Wars
Funko Pop! Marvel
Funko Pop! DC Comics
Funko Pop! Sports
Funko Pop! Icons
Funko Pocket Pop!
Gifts + Home
See More
"Close Cart"
Ornaments
Mugs
Housewares
Books
Gifts & Games
Backpacks
Store Gift Cards
Pop Culture
See More
"Close Cart"
Star Wars
Bob's Burgers
The Office
Avatar: The Last Airbender
Rick And Morty
Blue Q
Harry Potter
Batman
My Hero Academia
Stranger Things
Pusheen
Game of Thrones
Featured
See More
"Close Cart"
Record Store Day
Events
Gifts Under $20
Fjällräven
The Mandalorian
KPop
Gamer Gear
Anime & Manga
Pride
Find A Store
Log in
Create account
Shopping Cart
"Close Cart"
PRIVACY STATEMENT (last updated 1/17/2020)
SECTION 1 - WHAT DO WE DO WITH YOUR INFORMATION?
When you purchase something from our store, as part of the buying and selling process, we collect the personal information you give us.
DATA WE COLLECT
HOW WE USE IT
HOW WE RECEIVE IT
WHO WE SHARE IT WITH
Email Address
This data may be used to identify you, deliver goods and services to you, market to you, and for security and fraud prevention.
We obtain this data directly from you when you place an order with us, create an account with us, and/or voluntarily sign up for our marketing services. We may receive some information from partners, i.e. address verification services.
We may share this data with service providers, such as logistics and fulfillment, marketing, data analytics, and security providers.
Name
This data may be used to identify you, deliver goods and services to you, market to you, and for security and fraud prevention.
We obtain this data directly from you when you place an order with us, create an account with us, and/or voluntarily sign up for our marketing services. We may receive some information from partners, i.e. address verification services.
We may share this data with service providers, such as logistics and fulfillment, marketing, data analytics, and security providers.
Physical Address
This data may be used to identify you, deliver goods and services to you, market to you, and for security and fraud prevention.
We obtain this data directly from you when you place an order with us, create an account with us, and/or voluntarily sign up for our marketing services. We may receive some information from partners, i.e. address verification services.
We may share this data with service providers, such as logistics and fulfillment, marketing, data analytics, and security providers.
Phone Number
This data may be used to identify you, deliver goods and services to you, market to you, and for security and fraud prevention.
We obtain this data directly from you when you place an order with us, create an account with us, and/or voluntarily sign up for our marketing services. We may receive some information from partners, i.e. address verification services.
We may share this data with service providers, such as logistics and fulfillment, marketing, data analytics, and security providers.
Purchase details-purchase history
This data may be used to market to you
We receive this information based on your combined purchases on our site from a specific email address given to us directly by you.
We may share this data with service providers, such as marketing and advertising, data analytics, and security providers.
Internet and network activity – e.g. IP address and location data, device ID, browse history, etc.
We and our service providers may use this data for security and fraud prevention. We may also use it for customer analysis purposes.
We obtain this data directly when you interact with our website. We may also obtain this information indirectly from cookies, tags and other digital tools, from affiliates and from service providers.
We may share this data with service providers, such as marketing and advertising, data analytics, and security providers.
Email marketing (if applicable): With your permission, we may send you emails about our store, new products and other updates.
Mobile marketing (if applicable): With your permission, we may send you text messages about our store, new products and other updates. Read our Mobile Marketing Terms & Conditions.
SECTION 2 - CONSENT
How do you get my consent?
When you provide us with personal information to complete a transaction, verify your credit card, place an order, arrange for a delivery or return a purchase, we imply that you consent to our collecting it and using it for that specific reason only.
If we ask for your personal information for a secondary reason, like marketing, we will either ask you directly for your expressed consent, or provide you with an opportunity to say no.
How do I withdraw my consent?
If after you opt-in, you change your mind, you may withdraw your consent for us to contact you, for the continued collection, use or disclosure of your information, at anytime, by contacting us at customerservice@newburycomics.com or mailing us at: Newbury Comics, Attn: Customer Service, 5 Guest Street, Brighton, MA 02135.
SECTION 3 - DISCLOSURE
We may disclose your personal information if we are required by law to do so or if you violate our Terms of Service.
SECTION 4 - SHOPIFY
Our store is hosted on Shopify Inc. They provide us with the online e-commerce platform that allows us to sell our products and services to you.
Your data is stored through Shopify’s data storage, databases and the general Shopify application. They store your data on a secure server behind a firewall.
Payment:
If you choose a direct payment gateway to complete your purchase, then Shopify stores your credit card data. It is encrypted through the Payment Card Industry Data Security Standard (PCI-DSS). Your purchase transaction data is stored only as long as is necessary to complete your purchase transaction. After that is complete, your purchase transaction information is deleted.
All direct payment gateways adhere to the standards set by PCI-DSS as managed by the PCI Security Standards Council, which is a joint effort of brands like Visa, MasterCard, American Express and Discover.
PCI-DSS requirements help ensure the secure handling of credit card information by our store and its service providers.
For more insight, you may also want to read Shopify’s Terms of Service or Shopify's Privacy Statement.
SECTION 5 - THIRD-PARTY SERVICES
In general, the third-party providers used by us will only collect, use and disclose your information to the extent necessary to allow them to perform the services they provide to us.
However, certain third-party service providers, such as payment gateways and other payment transaction processors, have their own privacy policies in respect to the information we are required to provide to them for your purchase-related transactions.
For these providers, we recommend that you read their privacy policies so you can understand the manner in which your personal information will be handled by these providers.
In particular, remember that certain providers may be located in or have facilities that are located in a different jurisdiction than either you or us. So if you elect to proceed with a transaction that involves the services of a third-party service provider, then your information may become subject to the laws of the jurisdiction(s) in which that service provider or its facilities are located.
As an example, if you are located in Canada and your transaction is processed by a payment gateway located in the United States, then your personal information used in completing that transaction may be subject to disclosure under United States legislation, including the Patriot Act.
Once you leave our store’s website or are redirected to a third-party website or application, you are no longer governed by this Privacy Policy or our website’s Terms of Service.
Links
When you click on links on our store, they may direct you away from our site. We are not responsible for the privacy practices of other sites and encourage you to read their privacy statements.
SECTION 6 - SECURITY
To protect your personal information, we take reasonable precautions and follow industry best practices to make sure it is not inappropriately lost, misused, accessed, disclosed, altered or destroyed.
If you provide us with your credit card information, the information is encrypted using secure socket layer technology (SSL) and stored with a AES-256 encryption.  Although no method of transmission over the Internet or electronic storage is 100% secure, we follow all PCI-DSS requirements and implement additional generally accepted industry standards.
SECTION 7 - AGE OF CONSENT
By using this site, you represent that you are at least the age of majority in your state or province of residence, or that you are the age of majority in your state or province of residence and you have given us your consent to allow any of your minor dependents to use this site.
SECTION 8 - CONTROL OVER AND ACCESS TO YOUR PERSONAL INFORMATION
Newbury Comics understands you have rights over your personal information, and takes reasonable steps to allow you to access, correct, amend, delete, port, or limit the use of your personal information. If you wish to exercise these rights, please contact us at customerservice@newburycomics.com.
We respect your right to privacy. We never sell your personal information.
We only share personal information with third party providers in order to provide you with our services. For example, shipping companies, so that they can ensure you receive your orders from us.
It is your right to request what personal information we collect from you and how we use it. You also have the right to request we delete personal data we have collected from you. In order to make these requests, please email us at customerservice@newburycomics.com. We will respond to your request within 10 business days. Once your request has been verified, we will deliver the requested information or confirm the requested action has been taken within 45 days, at no cost to you.
We will not discriminate against consumers for exercising their rights to privacy.
If you do not opt-in to Newbury Comics marketing, or choose to opt-out of our marketing, you may not have access to some features from Newbury Comics, including coupons, loyalty offers, new product alerts.
In certain circumstances, if you have exercised your right to have your data removed, we may need to share personal information with service providers for business purposes. These purposes may include audits, detecting security incidents, maintaining or servicing accounts, providing customer service, processing payments, fulfilling orders.
SECTION 9 - CHANGES TO THIS PRIVACY POLICY
We reserve the right to modify this privacy policy at any time, so please review it frequently. Changes and clarifications will take effect immediately upon their posting on the website. If we make material changes to this policy, we will notify you here that it has been updated, so that you are aware of what information we collect, how we use it, and under what circumstances, if any, we use and/or disclose it.
If our store is acquired or merged with another company, your information may be transferred to the new owners so that we may continue to sell products to you.
QUESTIONS AND CONTACT INFORMATION
If you would like to: access, correct, amend or delete any personal information we have about you, register a complaint, or simply want more information,  contact our Privacy Compliance Officer at customerservice@newburycomics.com or by mail at Newbury Comics, Attn: Customer Service, 5 Guest Street, Brighton, MA 02135.
^