http://www.pictureframes.com/customer-care/privacy-policy
Happy Holidays! Save 15% off Sitewide | Use Code JINGLESAVE
Offer Details
x
Custom Framing
Picture Frames
Colors
Sizes
Collections
All Frames
Categories
All Canvas Frames
Canvas Floaters
Wood Frames
Metal Frames
Plein Air
Barnwood Frames
Ornate Frames
Open Back Frames
Services
Custom Framing
Upload, Print &
Frame
Mail in Your Art
Occasions
Wedding
Diploma Frames
Housewarming
New Baby
Gallery Shows
Photo Competitions
Christmas Frames
Custom Decor & Supplies
Mirrors
Photo Frames
Corkboards
Chalkboards
Dry Erase Boards
Shadow Boxes
Certificate Frames
Framing Supplies
Mats and Liners
Create a Custom Frame
The ultimate frame and mat resource
Print & Frame
Get started by uploading your digital image
Designer Presentations
Easy, artful pre-curated beauty for your world
Custom Printing
The Fine Prints
Printing is our passion and our dedication to
unmatched quality has led us to become one
of the nation's premier print houses.
Custom Printing
Upload, Print & Frame
Canvas Prints
Metal Prints
Wood Prints
Acrylic Prints
Paper Prints
All Printing Services
Canvas Prints
Metal Prints
Acrylic Prints
Sizes & Colors
SHOP BY POPULAR SIZES
5" x 5" Picture Frames
5" x 7" Picture Frames
8" x 8" Picture Frames
8" x 10" Picture Frames
8.5" x 11" Picture Frames
9" x 12" Picture Frames
10" x 10" Picture Frames
11" x 14" Picture Frames
12" x 12" Picture Frames
12" x 16" Picture Frames
14" x 18" Picture Frames
16" x 20" Picture Frames
18" x 24" Picture Frames
20" x 20" Picture Frames
20" x 24" Picture Frames
20" x 30" Picture Frames
24" x 24" Picture Frames
24" x 30" Picture Frames
24" x 36" Picture Frames
28" x 32" Picture Frames
30" x 40" Picture Frames
40" x 60" Picture Frames
SHOP BY POPULAR COLORS
Black Picture Frames
Blue Picture Frames
Brown Picture Frames
Copper Picture Frames
Cream Picture Frames
Gold Picture Frames
Gray Picture Frames
Green Picture Frames
Natural Picture Frames
Orange Picture Frames
Pewter Picture Frames
Pink Picture Frames
Purple Picture Frames
Red Picture Frames
Silver Picture Frames
White Picture Frames
Yellow Picture Frames
Black & Gold Picture Frames
SHOP BY STYLE
Modern Picture Frames
Ornate Picture Frames
Rustic Farmhouse Picture Frames
Traditional Picture Frames
Scandinavian Picture Frames
Eclectic Picture Frames
SHOP BY Textures
Antiqued Picture Frames
Distressed Picture Frames
Glossy Picture Frames
Metallic Picture Frames
Satin Picture Frames
Wood Grain Picture Frames
Gifts
Master the Art of Gifting
Create one-of-a-kind, personalized gifts
for everyone on your list.
Gifts
Gift Ideas
Wedding Gifts
Graduation Gifts
Housewarming Gifts
Eco-Friendly Gifts
Photo Frame Gifts
eGift Card
Gift Ideas
eGift Cards
Photo Frames
Super Savings
GO WALL OUT WITH GREAT DEALS
Deep discounts on already wholesale prices - limited
time offers, end runs, overstocks, limited quantities
and an ever-changing treasure trove of choices.
Super Savings
Sale Picture Frames
Web Exclusives
Photo Frames
Coupons & Promos
Sale Picture Frames
Photo Frames
Subscribe to Our E-List
About Us
Our Mission
We're here to help you Create Space to ThriveTM
thru our C4 Values: Creativity, Consciousness,
Community and Collaboration.
About Us
Who We Are
What We Stand For
Sustainability
Blog
Careers
Made in the USA
In the News
Who We Are
Sustainability
Roominate Blog
Business Services
Advocates for Your Success
Expert consultation with unmatched service and
quality since 1965. Industry leaders in innovative,
customized framing and printing solutions.
Business Services
Bulk Wholesale
Pro Artists
Pro Photographers
Interior Design Firms
Fulfillment Services
Affiliates
Corporate Gifts
Social Distancing Products
Acrylic Safety Barriers
Floor Decals
Custom Sign Printing
Intubation Boxes
Car Shields
Bulk Wholesale
Pro Artists
Pro Photographers
Home
Customer Care
Privacy Policy
Privacy & Security
We share your concern regarding the protection of your privacy.
The information here regarding our Privacy Policy is intended to inform you about how we handle, and keep secure,
the collection, use and disclosure of information you submit to us through our website.
Links to Other Websites
Our website may provide links to other websites or locations. We provide these merely for your convenience and do not endorse other sites or locations and have no control over, do not review, and are not responsible for them or their content.
Thus our Privacy Policy does not apply to sites other than ours. The privacy policies of linked websites are applicable once you access their site via links provided by us.
Email
We use email as a means of communicating with you, our customers. We welcome hearing from you and encourage you to email us with questions, comments or general feedback. We read every email received.
We send you email updates on products, sales, special events and promotions. You always have the opportunity to "opt-out" from receiving these emails by following the "unsubscribe" instructions provided in the email received, or by contacting us directly. Please note, however, that if you "opt out" as described above, we will not be able to remove personally
identifiable information about you from the databases of affiliates or third parties with whom we have already shared such information.
pictureframes.com may collect your email address via cookies and pixels on the Website through the use of trusted third party partners.
These partners may combine your email information with other information they have access to such as mailing address so that pictureframes.com
may serve relevant marketing offers to you via direct mail.
If you do not want pictureframes.com to collect information about you, please contact pictureframes.com to opt out.
Cookies
Like most other commercial websites, pictureframes.com uses a standard technology called a "cookie" to collect information about how you use the site. A cookie is a small file stored on your computer by a website to give you a unique ID. Cookies make it easier for you to use our site, and they help us customize your experience so we can provide you with the information you need – when and where you need it. The numeric ID generated by a cookie at pictureframes.com allows you to retrieve your Shopping Cart and place an order. We also use cookies to help us measure the success of our marketing efforts so that we can better understand how to reach you, and customers like you, with information about pictureframes.com. In keeping with our standard policy on customer information, we analyze data gathered via cookies only in aggregate,
not at the individual customer level. Note that If you set your browser to refuse cookies, you will need to call Customer Care to place any orders.
Consent to pictureframes.com
When you submit personal information and anonymous information through our website, it means that you have agreed to the terms of this Privacy Policy and that you expressly consent to the processing of your personal information according to this policy.
Please note that your personal information may be processed by pictureframes.com in the country where it was collected, as well as other countries (including the United States).
How We Use the Information We Collect
In order to make improvements in the way we communicate and interact with customers, pictureframes.com may also compile aggregate data from all customers to prepare internal reports. For example, we may collect and analyze collected aggregate information to determine how many visitors arrived at certain pages of the website, how long they stayed on those pages, and where they went afterward.
Pictureframes.com does not combine your personally identifiable information with information about pages visited, purchases made, or any other clickstream data.
In some instances, we use third-party companies to help us provide our products and services to you, to assist us in managing customer information, to fulfill promotions and to communicate with you. Some of these companies are given access to some or all of the information you provide to us and some may use cookies on our behalf.
These companies are contractually restricted from using your information in any manner other than in helping us provide you with the products and services available from pictureframes.com.
In addition, we may allow third-party service providers such as advertisers, website statistics gatherers and others to use cookies and other technologies to, among other things:
serve advertisements
collect statistics about use of the website and enable such third parties to record information such as:
your browser type
IP address
which ads your browser has viewed
which website pages you may have been viewing when ads were delivered
your referring URL
your geographic location and other interaction information (though not your name or address). Pictureframes.com does not control the use of this technology or the resulting information and is not responsible for any actions or policies of such third parties.
We may share information with governmental agencies or other companies assisting us in fraud prevention or investigation. We may do so when:
(1) permitted or required by law; or,
(2) trying to protect against or prevent actual or potential fraud or unauthorized transactions; or,
(3) investigating fraud which has already taken place.
The information is not provided to these agencies or companies for marketing purposes.
The information you give us and information about your order(s) may be combined with other personally identifiable information (such as demographic information and past purchase history) available from our records and other sources. This information will be used to make our future marketing efforts more efficient. This information may also be shared with other marketers to bring you offers of interest. If you prefer that we do not share your name and address with other marketers, please contact Customer Care at 800-332-8884.
If you provide us with feedback on any of our products and services, we may use this feedback for any purpose. Pictureframes.com will collect any information contained in your communication and will treat the personal information in the communication in accordance with this Privacy Policy.
We may operate sweepstakes, contests, raffles, games and similar promotions through the website. We typically ask you for certain personally identifiable information when you enter and, if applicable, win a sweepstake, contest, raffle, game or similar promotion. We reserve the right to share this personally identifiable information with third-party sponsors of such sweepstakes, contests, raffles, games and promotions (irrespective of whether it is hosted by us), or otherwise in accordance with the rules applicable to such sweepstakes, contests, raffles, games or promotions. You should carefully review the rules of each sweepstake, contest, raffle, game and promotion in which you participate through the website, as they may contain additional important information about pictureframes.com's or a sponsor's use of your personally identifiable information
In the event there is a change in the corporate structure of Graphik Dimensions Ltd./pictureframes.com such as, but not limited to, a merger, consolidation, sale, liquidation, or transfer of substantial assets, Graphik Dimensions may, in its sole discretion, transfer, sell or assign information collected on and through this website including, without limitation, personally identifiable information concerning visitors, to one or more affiliated or unaffiliated third party.
How and Why We Collect Personal Information
The personal information we gather from you helps us learn about visitors to our website, our guests (customers) and potential guests. We use this information to better tailor the features, performance and support of our products and services, and to offer you additional information and opportunities.
We collect personal information that you submit to us voluntarily through our website in the following ways:
When you register on the website to set up an account
When you sign up to get information about special savings by email
When you purchase a gift card we collect the recipient’s name and address
When you sign up to become a member of the pictureframes.com Affiliate Program
When you contact us by sending us email
When you enter a sweepstake or participate in a survey
We also collect personal information through the use of technology, without you submitting that information, as follows:
As you navigate our website certain information may be collected passively, including your Internet protocol address, browser type, domain names, access times, and operating system
We also use Cookies (described in the Cookies section) and navigational data like Uniform Resource Locators (URL) to gather information regarding the date and time of your visit and the solutions and information for which you searched and which you viewed. This type of information is collected to make our services and solutions more useful to you
Finally, we may receive personal information about you from other sources such as postal mail, telephone or fax. We may add this information to the information we have already collected from you via our website in order to improve the products and services we provide
All of this information is kept in a highly secure and encrypted environment.
GDPR
In compliance with the European Union General Data Protection Regulation EU citizens have the right to review, update, control and remove personal data from Graphik Dimensions marketing and internal systems at no charge. Please email our Customer Care specialist with your request at: EUPrivacy@pictureframes.com
Privacy Policy Updates
This Privacy Policy is subject to occasional revision, and if we make any substantial changes to it, we will post an alert on this page. If you object to any such changes, you must cease using our website. Continued use of our website following notice of any such changes shall indicate your acknowledgement of such changes and agreement to be bound by the terms and conditions of such changes.
This policy was last updated in May 2018.
Data Security
Pictureframes.com is fully committed to the highest data security possible. Be assured that all information relating to our customers is stored in a highly secure environment, and all credit card information is processed and stored in an encrypted format. To prevent unauthorized access, maintain data accuracy, and ensure the appropriate use of information, we have put in place physical, electronic, and managerial procedures to safeguard and secure the information you provide us online. In the unlikely event that we believe the security of your personally identifiable Information in our possession or control may have been compromised, we may seek to notify you of that development. If a notification is, in our sole discretion, appropriate, we would endeavor to do so as promptly as possible under the circumstances, and, to the extent we have your email address, we may notify you by email. If you receive an email or other correspondence requesting that you provide any sensitive information (including your site password or credit card information) via email or to a website that does not seem to be affiliated with pictureframes.com, or that otherwise seems suspicious to you, please contact us immediately at 800-332-8884.