http://www.fulton-armory.com/order-terms-and-conditions.aspx
Welcome
My Account   |    View Cart   |   Checkout   |   Items in Cart: 0
Home
About
Order Terms & Conditions
FAQ
Contact
Sales & SpecialsClothing & HatsM1 CarbineReceiversRiflesBarrelled ActionsBarrelsStocks / HandguardsPartsAccessoriesTools & GaugesGunsmithingM1 GarandRiflesBarrelsStocks / HandguardsPartsM1 "Tanker"AccessoriesTools & GaugesGunsmithingM14 / M1AReceiversRiflesBarreled ActionsBarrelsStocks / HandguardsSage EBRPartsAccessoriesTools & GaugesGunsmithingFAR-15ReceiversRiflesUppersLowersBarrelsHandguardsUpper PartsLower PartsAccessories Tools & GaugesGunsmithingFAR-308 "Titan"Receivers308 Rifles308 Uppers6.5 Rifles6.5 UppersLowersBarrelsHandguardsUpper PartsLower PartsAccessoriesTools & GaugesGunsmithingM1903/A3 SpringfieldPartsTool & Accessories FA Library BooksPostersTetra Gun Care
<a href="#" onclick="window.open(" https:="" seals.networksolutions.com="" siteseal_seek="" siteseal?v_shortname="NETSB&amp;v_querytype=W&amp;v_search=www.fulton-armory.com&amp;x=5&amp;y=5" ,"netsb","width="450,height=500,toolbar=no,location=no,directories=no,status=no,menubar=no,scrollbars=no,copyhistory=no,resizable=no" );return""="" false;"="">
WE BUY USGI PARTS!
PLEASE SEND US AN EMAIL DETAILING WHAT YOU HAVE
Home > Order Terms & Conditions
Order Terms & Conditions
If you visit or purchase from www.fulton-armory.com, you are accepting the terms and conditions of www.fulton-armory.com. Please read them carefully.  Our Privacy Notice and Terms of Use are subject to change without notice.
Some items on this Web Site may be controlled for export and cannot be exported or re-exported.  Export by any party is expressly restricted by ITAR and U.S. State Department and Department of Commerce.  It is the responsibility of the purchaser or end user to first obtain export approval or license from the Department of State, or Department of Commerce and to ensure that these items are exported according to U.S. Laws and regulations
FOUR EASY WAYS TO ORDER
Secure Web Site: www.fulton-armory.com
Phone: (301) 490-9485
Fax: (301) 490-9547
Mail: Fulton Armory, 8725 Bollman Place, #1, Savage, MD 20763
* How to Buy a Firearm/Firearm Assembly/Receiver From FA
Once your order is submitted, the order is final. Changes requested after order submission, including configuration, substitution, etc., will result in a $25.00 processing charge.
PAYMENT
Credit Cards Accepted: Visa, MasterCard, Discover and American Express
NOTE: Debit Cards-the total amount of your transaction could be put on hold for 7 business days (this varies with different
institutions).
The hold will be released if we do not ship within the holding period, (This means the funds will not be available to you until the hold is
released).
Money Orders/Certified Checks Accepted
Personal and Business Checks Accepted but will delay shipping. Returned checks will result in a $35 charge
Do Not Send Cash
We Do Not Accept C.O.D.’s
For all Rifle/Complete Upper/Complete Lower/Barreled Action orders a $250 non-refundable deposit is charged at time of order with the balance charged when complete & shipped
Sales Tax: Maryland residents add 6% sales tax unless we have a signed copy of your Maryland Suggested Blanket Resale Certificate.
SHIPPING INFORMATION
We ship to U.S. addresses, Puerto Rico and Guam only. We do not ship to APO/FPO addresses.
* Very large orders may be charged additional shipping after the order is shipped
* Entering an incorrect or incomplete shipping address (apt/suite # if applicable) may result in additional shipping charges and/or delivery time
It's unlawful to export without a proper export license from the U.S. Department of State or an import license from the country of destination.
In an effort to offer our customers the best service possible, Fulton Armory uses UPS ground for all standard service.
We process in-stock orders within 2-3 business days (Mon-Fri, excluding Holidays). You can expect your shipment within 7 business days for ship to addresses East of the Mississippi and 10 business days West of the Mississippi (estimated, not guaranteed). If your order does not arrive within 14 days after you place your order, you may contact us for tracking information.
Orders shipped to Hawaii and Alaska requires UPS 2 Day Air and may take an additional day for delivery.
Puerto Rico will be shipped via USPS for parts and accessories and UPS Air for Firearms and Upper Assemblies.
Out of Stock Items: We make every effort to maintain our inventory. On occasion however, we may have fewer items in stock than what you order. Should this happen, we will ship you what we have and adjust the amount of your purchase accordingly. We will not back-order the remaining product.
In most cases, we expect many backordered items to be restocked within 3 - 10 business days (except ammunition, we regret that we are unable to provide estimated time of arrival (ETA dates) for any backordered ammunition EXACTLY).
If you are paying by Visa, MasterCard, AX or Discover, we do NOT charge your credit card until your order is ready to ship.
This means we do not charge you for backordered item(s) until it is/they are ready to ship; if an order is being split shipped, we only charge for the items actually shipped (on the day of the initial shipment) and the applicable shipping, insurance and handling charges.
We apologize for this inconvenience.
Lead times and delivery estimates for Rifles, Upper and Lower Assemblies: All Fulton Armory rifles, upper and lower assemblies are custom built to your order and lead times can vary significantly. Parts and Accessories ordered with Rifles will be shipped separately from Rifle Orders to prevent damage.
Firearms and Receivers: All Firearms including Receivers orders must be shipped to a Valid Federal Firearms License (FFL).
After you have placed the order have your Federal Firearms License holder either fax, e-mail, or mail us a copy of the current signed FFL. Make sure they put your order number, name and as much info about your purchase on the FFL to insure your item is shipped in a timely manner. FFL’s that are faxed with NO info may take weeks to get sorted and shipped.
It’s against the law to ship Ammo and Firearms together. Ammo and Firearms ordered together will be shipped separately.
We also reserve the right to cancel order or portions of an order at any time without prior notice.
STANDARD SHIPPING, INSURANCE AND HANDLING CHARGES LISTED BELOW ARE FOR UPS GROUND TO THE CONTINENTAL U.S.A. ONLY.
$65 for Rifles
$50 for Lowers / Uppers / Barreled Actions
$10 Flat rate USPS for Most Orders (Stocks, Receivers, and Some Other Large/Heavy Items May Have Additional Handling)
SHIPPING RESTRICTION
We comply with the restrictions imposed by the Federal, State, Local Governments and/or Carrier Companies. We do our upmost to keep abreast of your State/Local Laws. Please check your State, County, and Local laws for restrictions. We are not allowed to sell or ship restricted items to anyone in a restricted zone. If you know your State and/or Local Laws prohibits certain items even though it is not listed on this site, please do not place an order for the prohibited item. The purchaser is responsible for knowing his or her own local state laws for the purchase. It’s your (or end user) responsibility to comply to all Federal, State and/or Local Laws.
Returns & Warranty
RETURNS & REFUNDS: At Fulton Armory your satisfaction is our reputation. If you are not 100% satisfied with a product, you may return it, WITHIN 30 DAYS of receipt. We will gladly exchange the item, or issue a refund. Refunds will be made in the same manner in which payment was made. (i.e. Credit card purchases will be returned in the form of credit to the original card account). Fulton Armory will issue refunds, less shipping, for goods returned in the original packaging in saleable condition. Please include with your return a copy of your invoice and explanation for return. After 30 days from purchase, no refunds or credits are possible. Returns after 30 days will be shipped back to sender at sender’s expense.
The following products are non-returnable:
Books (if damage or defective-exchange only for the same item)
Gauges (if damage or defective-exchange only for the same item)
Limited quantity, closeout/clearance, all products listed as non-refundable, or As Is items are all final sale
Night Vision
Special Orders
Tools (if damage or defective-exchange only for the same item)
DAMAGE/SHORTAGE: Any damage or shortage must be reported to Fulton Armory within 48 hours of receipt.
RETURN FOR DAMAGE IN SHIPPING: All orders are handled and packaged to ensure their safe and sound arrival. If your package is received with obvious external damage, please refuse shipment, unopened, citing damage. This will ensure immediate replacement of your order. If, upon opening your package, you find the contents damaged, please keep all of the original packaging and notify us immediately by telephone during normal business hours at 301-490-9485.
Please return the item with care using the original packing when shipping and insured. Poorly re-packed items may result in loss of refund.
It is illegal to ship a firearm with ammunition in the firearm or in the same packaging. Firearms and ammunition must be shipped separately.
Lifetime Limited Warranty: Fulton Armory warrants to the original owner that Fulton Armory rifles, complete uppers/lowers, and parts will be free of defects in workmanship or material for the lifetime of the original owner. If the original owner gives prompt notice to Fulton Armory, along with the original invoice, Fulton Armory shall have the option to repair or replace any defective product. Fulton Armory reserves the right to use new or functionally equivalent parts. The customer must comply with Fulton Armory’s instructions for returning the product. Transportation of the product is not covered in Fulton Armory’s limited lifetime warranty. Correction of the condition in this manner shall constitute fulfillment of all obligations of Fulton Armory’s limited lifetime warranty. This warranty does not cover any condition deemed by Fulton Armory to have been caused by unauthorized repairs or modifications, carelessness, negligence, misuse, normal wear and tear, or failure to properly store, use or maintain the product. Fulton Armory does not warrant labor charges that are required to diagnose a defective part if Fulton Armory did not assemble the entire firearm. The foregoing warranty is exclusive and is in lieu of all or any other warranties, written or oral, expressed or implied.
Fulton Armory’s Warranty does not apply to USGI or non-Fulton Armory products. Non-Fulton Armory products available from Fulton Armory are warranted exclusively by their manufacturers in accordance with their terms and conditions.
Fulton Armory makes no warranty of merchantability or fitness for particular purpose, and Fulton Armory shall have no liability for incidental or consequential damages.
Disclaimer of Liability: Fulton Armory disclaims any liability for personal injury, property damage or economic loss caused in whole or in part by hand loaded, reloaded, remanufactured or defective ammunition. Under no circumstances will Fulton Armory be liable for personal injury, property damage or economic loss resulting from unsafe handling of the firearm, or unauthorized modifications to the firearm. This warranty and disclaimer is subject to all applicable laws, some of which may limit its terms.
ALTERATIONS & MODIFICATIONS: Altering or modifying parts is dangerous and will void the warranty. Fulton Armory rifles, lower assemblies, upper assemblies, and receiver barreled actions were manufactured to perform properly with the original parts as designed. It is your responsibility to make sure parts are made for the firearm in question and are installed correctly and that neither the originals nor the replacements are altered or changed. Putting a firearm together improperly or with incorrect or modified parts can result in damage to the firearm, serious personal injury or death. Always have a qualified competent gunsmith/armorer service or repair your firearm.
WARNING: The products offered for sale on this website can expose you to chemicals including chromium (Hexavalent Compounds), which are known to the State of California to cause cancer, birth defects or other reproductive harm. For more information,go to www.p65warnings.ca.gov
DISCLAIMERS
Web Site: We are not responsible for typographical, photographic and/or descriptive errors. All prices, availability and specifications are subject to change without notice.
Sales Event: When in effect, the discounted sale price is only valid on orders placed during the advertised period (i.e. PRIOR SALES EXCLUDED) and on products that are in stock when your order is received (i.e. NO RAIN CHECKS).
Right to Limit or Cancel Orders: We reserve the right to limit product quantities. We also reserve the right to cancel order or portions of an order at any time without prior notice.
Legality to Offer or Sell: Fulton Armory does not warrant that a person may legally purchase, possess, or carry specific items offered on this website according to federal, state or local laws. These items include, but are not limited to, all ammunition, all firearms, magazines, and certain components. A person placing an order from Fulton Armory for such items on this website warrants that he or she is an adult and is under no legal restrictions which would prohibit such person from ordering, owning, possessing, or transferring these items under applicable federal, state or local law. Further, these items cannot be sold to minors, convicted felons, those convicted of a misdemeanor crime of domestic abuse or those chemically dependent. For ammo orders, a person warrants that he or she is at least 21 year of age for Pistol Ammo and 18 years of age for Rifle Ammo.
Liability: Fulton Armory has taken reasonable efforts to ensure that the information contained in this web site is accurate; however, all information is provided "as is" without any express or implied warranties, INCLUDING BUT NOT LIMITED TO THE IMPLIED WARRANTIES OF MERCHANTABILITY, FITNESS FOR A PARTICULAR PURPOSE OR NON-INFRINGEMENT. IN NO EVENT SHALL FULTON ARMORY BE LIABLE FOR ANY SPECIAL, INDIRECT, PUNITIVE OR CONSEQUENTIAL DAMAGES RESULTING FROM ANY USE OR PERFORMANCE OF OR CONTENT ERRORS OR OMISSIONS IN THE INFORMATION, EVEN IF NOTIFIED IN ADVANCE OF THE POTENTIAL FOR SUCH DAMAGES. All users of the information agree that access to any use of the information is subject to the terms and conditions set forth.
Links: Fulton Armory’s web site, email communications and promotions may contain links to third party web sites. Fulton Armory does not control the content of these web sites and is not responsible for their content and their privacy policies. You are subject to that site's privacy policy when you leave our site. It is your responsibility to determine what those privacy policies are and what information is being collected. Unless specifically stated on this web site to the contrary, Fulton Amory is not affiliated with these third parties and does not endorse or sponsor their web sites, products or services.
Privacy: Fulton Armory is pleased to serve you, and expects to build and maintain your confidence in us. We respect your privacy. We do not, and will not, sell, share, trade, or otherwise give out your information ever. We do not do telephone soliciting or e-mail soliciting unless you register for our newsletter.
Privacy is of great concern to most users of the Internet, including us, and is a critical part of an enjoyable and satisfactory user experience. We are acutely aware of the privacy concerns of our customers and visitors to our website. We do not collect personal information other than what you provide to complete a transaction or sign up for our newsletter.
We may need to disclose personal information when required by law if we have a good-faith belief that such action is necessary to comply with a current judicial proceeding, a court order or a legal process served on Fulton Armory.
Cookies: To place an order on our site, your browser must have cookies turned on. A cookie allows us to recognize you the next time you fill out an order on our site. To prevent your personal information from being read by other web sites, our cookie is a unique, encrypted string that contains no personal information. You may purge our cookie from your browser at any time. However, you will have to receive a new cookie if you wish to place an order through our web site. Cookies are used on this shopping site to keep track of the contents of your shopping cart and to store delivery and account information.
Electronic Communications: When you visit www.fulton-armory.com or send e-mails to us, you are communicating with us electronically. By doing so, you consent to receive communications from us electronically.
Your Account: You are responsible for maintaining the confidentiality of your account and password and for restricting access to your computer, and you agree to accept responsibility for all activities that occur under your account or password. www.fulton-armory.com reserves the right to refuse service, terminate accounts, or cancel orders at our sole discretion.
Email Newsletter Registration: All new registrants receive a confirming email that verifies their subscription to this service.
We do not share your name and email address with anyone. If you do not want to receive our email newsletter, you may unsubscribe at www.fulton-armory.com. Enter your email address in the "Join our email list" section and click "Submit." A page with your information will appear, and you can click the "unsubscribe all" button at the bottom of the page. Your name and all associated information will be removed immediately from all email lists.
Third-Party Service Providers: We may employ other companies and individuals to perform functions on our behalf. Examples would include accepting orders, delivering packages, sending postal mail and e-mail, analyzing data, providing marketing assistance, providing search results and links, processing credit card payments, and providing customer service. They have access to personal information needed to perform their functions, but may not use it for other purposes.
Security Policy: Our policy is to protect our customers' and employees information to the greatest extent possible. Transactions are done via secured servers; customer information is protected both electronically and physically. Customer information is not allowed out of our facility. Our company is small and our staff is made up of really great people.
Fraud: We prosecute mail order and internet fraud! All I.P. Addresses are logged and tracked.
Home | Order Terms & Conditions | Forgot Password? | Sitemap
© 2020  Fulton Armory, All Rights Reserved.