http://www.josephturner.co.uk/customer/pages/privacy
Call us on
01845 575100
Search
My account
Close
My account
Login
Forgot password?
Don't have an account?
Sign up
Bag
Clothing
Clothing
Suits
Jackets & Blazers
Men's Waistcoats
Coats & Outerwear
Formal Shirts
Tattersall Check Shirts
Casual Shirts
Knitwear
Rugby & Sweatshirts
T-Shirts & Polos
Trousers
Jeans
Shorts
Nightwear
Socks
Underwear
Gift Vouchers
Accessories
Accessories
Bags
Belts
Cufflinks
Ties
Socks
Gloves & Scarves
Handkerchiefs
Hats & Caps
Footwear
Footwear
Brogue Shoes
Classic Shoes
Classic Boots
Deck Shoes
Loafers & Moccasins
Sandals
Slippers
Shoe Care
Gifts
Gifts
Gifts Under £30
Gifts £30 to £50
Gifts £50 to £75
Gifts Over £75
Stocking Fillers
Gift Vouchers
Clearance
Clearance
Jackets
Formal Shirts
Casual Shirts
Knitwear
Tops & T-Shirts
Trousers
Jeans
Shorts
Accessories
Ties
Footwear
Style
Style
Lookbook
The Journal
Men's Blazer Styles
Create a Capsule Wardrobe
What is Tweed?
Summer Wedding Wear
Summer Style Guide
New This Season
Bestsellers
The Country Edit
CHRISTMAS OFFER DAY 11 - 50% OFF THE RRP ON JEANS - USE CODE PIPERS
Privacy Policy
Joseph Turner Ltd. is fully committed to protecting the privacy of our site visitors and customers. The Joseph Turner team members are customers themselves of other Internet sites and fully appreciate and respect the importance of privacy on the Internet. We will not disclose information about our customers to third parties except where it is part of providing a service to you - e.g. arranging for a product to be sent to you, processing your order history in order to send you relevant information and offers.
What information do we collect about you?
How will we use the information about you?- Marketing & access to exclusive offers- Marketing & access to exclusive offers from other companies- Website information- Cookies- Trusted partners
How do you benefit from sharing your information?
For how long will we hold your data?
Overseas data transfers
Other websites
Access to your information and correction
Changes to Privacy Policy
How to contact us
What information do we collect about you?
In accordance with the General Data Protection Regulation’s ‘Legitimate Interest’ principle, we collect and hold customer data to ensure our communications are relevant and of interest to you. We collect information about you when you register with us or place an order for our products. Your contact details are saved so that we can get in touch with you about your orders and send you information about our latest products. We store your order history on our database for our business accounts, but also so that we can learn about the products you are most interested in and tailor our communications with you.
When customers visit our website, we collect anonymised data, using cookies, about the pages that people visit and the products that are viewed. This helps us to continually improve our website and ensure we are delivering content and information that is relevant to you.We also use information provided when you voluntarily complete customer surveys, send feedback and participate in competitions.
How will we use the information about you?
We collect information about you to process your order, notify you of any changes to your orders and generally manage your account.
Marketing & access to exclusive offers
When you place an order with us we may update you on our latest products, news and special offers via the post and by email. To ensure that you receive offers and information from us that are most relevant to you, we use partner companies to process and profile your data to help us identify the areas you are most interested in.
You have the right to object to your data profiled by Joseph Turner by contacting us at dataprivacy@josephturner.co.uk or calling us on 01845 575 100. Please note, that should you object to the profiling of your data, you may not always receive the offers that are most relevant to you.
You also have the right to object to receiving any marketing communications from Joseph Turner. If you do not wish to receive emails and/or catalogues from us you can log in to your account to manage your preferences, email us at dataprivacy@josephturner.co.uk or call us on 01845 575 100.
Marketing & access to exclusive offers from other companies
We think you'd enjoy some of the latest products and offers by post from our trusted retail and charity partners (we will never share your email address or phone number). Our partners may send you exclusive offers and information relating to the following sectors:
• Clothing• Gardening• Food & Wine• Collectables• Gadgets & Entertainment• Health & Beauty• Household Goods• Home Interiors• Charities
For a comprehensive list of the companies we work with please click here. You have the right to object to receiving any marketing communications from our partners at any time; simply log in to your account to manage your preferences, email us at dataprivacy@josephturner.co.uk or call us on 01845 575 100.
We also use the data sharing services of some of our trusted partner companies to help us identify other potential customers who we believe would be interested in our products and would benefit from the exclusive offers we could send them.
These partner companies manage the interests of participating retailers and charities who are active in the clothing, collectables, food & wine, gardening, gadgets & entertainment, health & beauty, household goods, home interiors and charity sectors and they share information on what their customers buy. These companies analyse this pooled information to help the retailers understand consumers’ wider buying patterns. Using this information, retailers can tailor their communications and send people suitable offers that should be of interest to them, based on what they like to buy.
If you would like to object to your data being used by our partner companies in this way, simply email us at dataprivacy@josephturner.co.uk or call us on 01845 575 100.
Website information
We use the services of third parties to collect and use anonymous information about your visits to and interactions with our website using technologies such as cookies to personalise advertisements for goods and services. To learn more, or to opt-out of receiving online display advertisements tailored to your interests by our trusted partners, please visit the European Interactive Digital Advertising Alliance at http://youronlinechoices.eu/.
To view a list of companies we work with, please click here.
Cookies
A cookie is a small information file that is sent to your computer and is stored on your hard drive. If you have registered with us then your computer will store an identifying cookie which will save you time each time you re-visit Joseph Turner, by remembering your email address for you. You can change the settings on your browser to prevent cookies being stored on your computer without your explicit consent. To view our cookie policy and a list of cookies we use, please click here.
We may use technologies, such as our own cookies, to provide you with personalised online display advertising tailored to your interests. To opt out of our cookies used for this online advertising, click here.
Trusted partners
We share customer data with several trusted partner companies (such as mailing fulfilment houses and data processing companies), to ensure we provide the best service to our customers. For a full list of the companies with whom we share data and our reasons for doing so, please click here.
How do you benefit from sharing your information with Joseph Turner?
Our communications are designed to tell you and others about the benefits we can offer, so that you have exclusive access to our best deals and those of our trusted partners. We use the information we have about you to tailor the content and try to ensure that the offers are as relevant to you as possible.
For how long will we hold your data?
Unless you request otherwise, we will hold your data for either:
• 7 years after your most recent order with us (we are required to keep data for this period of time for tax purposes) or• 12 months after your latest engagement with us (such as opening and/or clicking on our emails)
Once both periods above have elapsed we will remove any personally identifiable data (including names, addresses, email addresses etc) from our records.
If at any time, you wish for your data to be removed from our database please contact us on 01845 575 100 or email us at dataprivacy@josephturner.co.uk.
Overseas data transfers
Contact data and order data collected from our American customers will be sent back to the USA to be processed. Just as in the UK, your data will be used to learn about the products you are most interested in so that we can tailor our communications with you.
Other websites
Our site may contain links to and from the websites of our partner networks, advertisers and other third parties. If you follow a link to any of these websites, please note that they have their own privacy policies and we do not accept any responsibility or liability for these policies. Please check these policies before you submit any personal data to these websites.
Access to your information and correction
Under the GDPR (General Data Protection Regulation) which came into effect on 25th May 2018 you have the right to the following:
Right to be forgotten. You can contact us at any time and request that we delete any personally identifiable details (name, address, email address, telephone number etc) that we hold. For tax purposes, we will retain any name and address details that relate to a transaction for a period of 7 years after the date the order was placed.
Right to access. You have the right to request a copy of the information that we hold about you. We will supply you with this information within a month of the initial request (subject to receiving proof of identity, such as a driving licence or a utility bill). You may ask us to remove or correct any information you think is inaccurate.
Right to object to processing. You can request us to cease processing your data at any time.
Right to lodge a complaint. If you wish to make a complaint about Joseph Turner, you can do so by contacting the ICO (Information Commissioners Office) at https://ico.org.uk/concerns/ or calling their helpline on 0303 123 1113.
Changes to Privacy Policy
We keep our privacy policy under regular review and we will place any updates on this web page. This privacy policy was last updated on 25 May 2018.
How to contact us
We always welcome feedback from our customers, positive or otherwise. We are grateful for any time you spend providing us with the knowledge we need to ensure our customers are completely satisfied - we want you to return to the site and to recommend us to your friends and family.
If you have any questions or feedback about this statement, or if you would like us to stop processing your information, please do not hesitate to contact our customer services team using the contact details below:
TEL UK: 01845 575 100 TEL USA: 1-800-830-4774EMAIL: custserv@josephturner.co.uk
Joseph TurnerUnit 3-4 Concept ParkThirsk Industrial ParkThirskNorth YorkshireYO7 3NH
Have a promotion code?
01845 575100
3-4 Concept Park, Thirsk Industrial Park, Thirsk, North Yorkshire, YO7 3NH
Contact us
United Kindgom £
Choose country
Close
United Kingdom
USA
Help
Contact Us
Delivery
Returns
Size Guide
Terms & Conditions
About
Our Story
Request a Catalogue
Lookbook
Don’t miss out
Find out about special offers, sales and news!
Sign up to our newsletter
We will never share your email details!
Follow us on Instagram
Follow us on Twitter
Find us on Facebook
Pin us on Pinterest
Read our blog
Privacy Policy
Cookie Policy
Secure Shopping
Sitemap
Affiliates
eCommerce by blubolt