https://www.mastectomyshop.com/privacy-security-statement.html
Home
Privacy & Security Statement
Privacy & Security Statement
We respect your privacy and security!
Privacy Policy
Any and all the information collected on this site will be kept strictly confidential and will not be sold, reused, rented, disclosed, or loaned! However, your order indicates consent for us to notify you of our future promotions from time to time via email only. If you wish to be removed from our email list, please notify us at sales@mastectomyshop.com. Your privacy will be completely ensured. Mastectomyshop.com is owned by Margate Lymphadema Center, located in Margate, FL. Any information you give us will be held with the utmost care and will not be used in ways that you have not consented to. If you have any questions, please feel free to call us at 877-413-2272 or email us at sales@mastectomyshop.com.
Security Policy
You can shop at www.mastectomyshop.com with confidence. We have partnered with Authorize.Net , a leading payment gateway since 1996, to accept credit cards and electronic check payments safely and securely for our customers.
The Authorize.Net Payment Gateway manages the complex routing of sensitive customer information through the electronic check and credit card processing networks. See an online payments diagram to see how it works.
The company adheres to strict industry standards for payment processing, including:
128-bit Secure Sockets Layer (SSL) technology for secure Internet Protocol (IP) transactions.
Industry leading encryption hardware and software methods and security protocols to protect customer information.
Compliance with the Payment Card Industry Data Security Standard (PCI DSS).
For additional information regarding the privacy of your sensitive cardholder data, please read the Authorize.Net Privacy Policy.
www.mastectomyshop.com is registered with the Authorize.Net Verified Merchant Seal program.
×
CAN'T FIND WHAT YOU ARE LOOKING FOR?
Call us at
877-413-2272
or Email us at
salesmlc@aol.com
Click to Call
SHOP BY BRAND
CUSTOMER SERVICE
Testimonials
Shop by Brand
Size Charts
Shipping/Return/Exchange Policy
Privacy & Security Statement
Blogs
Links
About
Contact
Sitemap
Account
Login
Sign Up
Social Media
Signup for the Newsletter
Email Address
Margate Lymphedema Center, Inc., 2950 N State Rd 7, Suite 103 Margate, FL 33063. Phone: 954-978-8227When in Florida visit A Fitting Experience Mastectomy Shoppe, Inc., 2950 N State Rd 7, Suite 103, Margate, FL 33063. Phone: 954-978-8287
© 2020 Mastectomy Shop All Rights Reserved.