https://www.goodsfromjapan.com/privacy-policy-a-130.html
Privacy Policy
This privacy policy sets out how GoodsFromJapan.com uses and protects any information that you give GoodsFromJapan.com when you use this website.
GoodsFromJapan.com is committed to ensuring that your privacy is protected. Should we ask you to provide certain information by which you can be identified when using this website, then you can be assured that it will only be used in accordance with this privacy statement.
GoodsFromJapan.com may change this policy from time to time by updating this page. You should check this page from time to time to ensure that you are happy with any changes.
What we collect
We may collect the following information:
name
contact information including email address
demographic information such as postcode, preferences and interests
other information relevant to customer surveys and/or offers
What we do with the information we gather
We require this information to understand your needs and provide you with a better service, and in particular for the following reasons:
Internal record keeping.
We may use the information to improve our products and services.
We may periodically send promotional emails about new products, special offers or other information which we think you may find interesting using the email address which you have provided.
From time to time, we may also use your information to contact you for market research purposes. We may contact you by email, phone, fax or mail. We may use the information to customise the website according to your interests.
Security
We are committed to ensuring that your information is secure. In order to prevent unauthorised access or disclosure, we have put in place suitable physical, electronic and managerial procedures to safeguard and secure the information we collect online.
How we use cookies
A cookie is a small file which asks permission to be placed on your computer's hard drive. Once you agree, the file is added and the cookie helps analyse web traffic or lets you know when you visit a particular site. Cookies allow web applications to respond to you as an individual. The web application can tailor its operations to your needs, likes and dislikes by gathering and remembering information about your preferences.
We use traffic log cookies to identify which pages are being used. This helps us analyse data about web page traffic and improve our website in order to tailor it to customer needs. We only use this information for statistical analysis purposes and then the data is removed from the system.
Overall, cookies help us provide you with a better website, by enabling us to monitor which pages you find useful and which you do not. A cookie in no way gives us access to your computer or any information about you, other than the data you choose to share with us.
You can choose to accept or decline cookies. Most web browsers automatically accept cookies, but you can usually modify your browser setting to decline cookies if you prefer. This may prevent you from taking full advantage of the website.
Links to other websites
Our website may contain links to other websites of interest. However, once you have used these links to leave our site, you should note that we do not have any control over that other website. Therefore, we cannot be responsible for the protection and privacy of any information which you provide whilst visiting such sites and such sites are not governed by this privacy statement. You should exercise caution and look at the privacy statement applicable to the website in question.
Controlling your personal information
You may choose to restrict the collection or use of your personal information in the following ways:
whenever you are asked to fill in a form on the website, look for the box that you can click to indicate that you do not want the information to be used by anybody for direct marketing purposes
if you have previously agreed to us using your personal information for direct marketing purposes, you may change your mind at any time by writing to or emailing us through the contact form at GoodsFromJapan
We will not sell, distribute or lease your personal information to third parties unless we have your permission or are required by law to do so. We may use your personal information to send you promotional information about third parties which we think you may find interesting if you tell us that you wish this to happen.
You may request details of personal information which we hold about you a small fee will be payable. If you would like a copy of the information held on you please write to GoodsFromJapan.com, Goods From Japan KK, Aichi-ken, Nagoya-shi, Tenpaku-ku, Araike 2-1209, 468-0013, Japan.
If you believe that any information we are holding on you is incorrect or incomplete, please write to or email us as soon as possible, at the above address. We will promptly correct any information found to be incorrect.
How Google uses information from sites or apps that use our services
My Currency
Australian DollarBritish PoundCanadian DollarEuroJapanese YenNZ DollarUS Dollar
We Ship Worldwide
Fast, reliable international shipping.
All goods are carefully packaged and sent using the highly efficient Japanese postal service.
More Information
Product Feed
Stay up to date with our RSS product feed.
Product RSS Feed
Stay in Touch
Sign up to Goods From Japan news.
Your Email Address:
Goods From Japan
My Account Area
Hi, Guest!
Create Account / Login
Shopping Basket
0 items - $0.00
View Your Basket
Goods From Japan
Services
Japan Concierge Services
Pupuru Pocket Wifi Rental
Japan Yahoo Auction Service
Japan Friends
Product Search Service
Translation Service
Drop Shipping
Amazon Japan Purchasing
Webmoney
Sell Japanese Products Online Overseas
Proxy Shipping & Forwarding from Japan
Local JAPAN
Aichi
Gifu
Hokkaido
Kyoto
Miyagi
Tokyo
Yamagata
Yamaguchi
Apparel
Clothing
Hanten
Happi Coats
Haramaki
Samue
T-shirts
Yukata
Footwear
Geta
Sandals
Tabi Socks & Tabi Boots
Sportswear
Baseball Caps
Baseball Happi Coats
Baseball Jerseys
Soccer Goods
Accessories
Ainu Handbags
Ema
Furoshiki
Greetings Cards
Headbands Hachimaki
Health & Beauty
Key Rings
Kinchaku Handbags
Lifestyle & Travel
Medical & Health (Adaptgen)
Nail Art
Pets
Shake Hand Accessories
Yorozuya Frog Bags
Japanese Umbrellas
Eco Shopping Bags
Obi Belts
Home & Garden
Japanese Jewelry
Kimono Glasses Cases
Interior
Antiques
Buddhist Statuary
Byobu Screens
Kuraya 2006 Series
Calendars
Carp Streamers
Ceramics
Chochin Lanterns
Daruma Dolls
Fans
2006 Decorative Fans
Geisha Fans
Imperial Series
Futon
Incense
Japanese Bath Products
Japanese Brushes
Japanese Masks
Kagura Masks
Kanazawa Gold Leaf
Kewpie Dolls
Kokeshi Dolls
Maneki Neko Lucky Cats
Miniature Kagura Masks
Noren Curtains
Tie-Dye Noren
Paper Lanterns
Paperweights
Solar Maneki Neko
Suiboku Water Paintings
Tatami Mats
Tefuki Hand Towels
Zabuton - Cushions
Shigaraki Ceramics
Food
Calorie Mate
Ceramic & Titanium Knives
Chopsticks
English Knives
Green Tea
Instant Noodles (Ramen, Udon, Soba)
Japanese Condiments
Japanese Kitchen Goods
Japanese Kitchen Knives
Japanese Snacks
Japanese Table Ware
Miso Soup
Pocari Sweat
Soy Sauce
Soyjoy
Sushi Replicas
Tea Sets
Toys
Ball Jointed Dolls
Children's Masks
Gyroscope Toys
Hand Puppets
Handicraft Kits
Japanese Bicycles
Japanese Toys
Kingyo Sukui Goldfish
Kites
MOKULOCK
Plushies
Pochi Purses
Taketombo
Toys & Games
Wooden Toys
Electronics
Electronic Dictionaries
USB Memory Sticks
Bicycle Lights
Solar Power Products
Kendama
Ethnic
Anime
Azulejos Tiles
Books
Dance Flutes
Manga
Gay Manga
Music
Shibori Tie Dye
Shibori Tablecloth
South African Gifts
Miscellany
On Sale Items
Trend Japan
How to Order
Competitive pricing, in-stock supply and efficient delivery service.
Wholesaler Application
Apply for a trade account to start saving $$$’s on what you usually pay.
Sales & Support
Looking for some useful advice or have questions on a product or service?
Testimonials
Read the feedback we've received from people just like yourself!
Home
How to Order
Wholesaler Application
Best Sellers
New Products
Sales & Support
My Account
Contact Us
Customer SupportMy AccountMy Order HistoryMy Account Information
Store InformationShipping InformationReturns PolicyPrivacy Policy
Our ServicesJapan Concierge ServicesJapan Yahoo Auction ServiceJapan Proxy PurchasesPocket WiFi Rental
Connect With UsContact UsFind us on FacebookPinterestGFJ Blog
Goods From Japan
Facebook
Twitter
AdvertiseYahoo AuctionsRSSTerms of Use© 2020 Goods From Japan
View:
Desktop Version | Mobile Version