https://www.the-black-angel.com/content/3-sales-terms-and-conditions
::
Legal:: Terms and conditions
Latest revision: June 13 2014
These are the sales terms and conditions under which we agree to sell our goods to you. In conformity with the latest e-commerce and trade laws (Code de la Consommation, loi du 8 Avril 2011), these terms and conditions apply to all customers within and outside of the EU. The conditions in force at the time we agree to sell to you will apply to the contract between us for the sale of such goods. Nothing in these terms affect your statutory rights as a consumer.
Acceptance
We will only accept and process orders that have been paid for in full. We reserve the right to reject an order for any reason, like suspicion of fraud, or if we are unable to fulfill the order.
Delivery
Orders where all items are in stock are usually dispatched within 2-5 working days, and we usually have 80-90% of all clothing and accessories on our website in stock at all times, with new deliveries from our suppliers every 2-3 weeks.
Should your order include out-of-stock items, we will do our best to get it shipped within 2-4 weeks, and no more than 30 days. In case of production or re-supplying issues on a particular design, we will try to contact the customers to offer split shipping or explore alternatives and replacement items.
Orders that have been accepted by us will be dispatched by registered or recorded delivery post to the address you have notified to us.
Price & Payment
As required by EU law, all prices on our website are displayed tax included. Customers from outside the EU are not subject to this tax, and it will be deducted from their total during checkout, or from the moment on when they enter an non-EU shipping address.
Prices do not include shipping costs. Shipping costs are at the customers expense, and the amount depends on your location and chosen shipping destination. These fees will be added to your total during checkout.
Taxes
Customers from the EU have to pay the VAT tax on their purchase, which is included by default in the displayed price.
Customers from the USA, Canada and outside the EU are exempt from this tax, which will be deducted in the shopping cart once they log in with a shipping address from outside the EU. Local sales and import taxes may however apply, and will be payable by the customer on or after receipt of their order. These taxes are entirely at the customers expense.
Accepted payment methods
We accept payments by PayPal or credit card (Visa, MasterCard, both debit and credit) and offer secure payment processing through the Worldpay payment gateway. All transactions are in Euros, and will be automatically converted by your bank or card issuer at the daily exchange rate. You do not need to have Euros in your bank account.
All goods remain the exclusive property of Supernova Cult S.A.R.L. until paid in full by the customer.
Withdrawal
You have the right to return any items from your purchase within 14 days, starting from the day the merchandise was delivered to you or a third party accepting the goods in your name. You must notify us of the withdrawal by contacting us through our online form or by using the return card included with your order.
Items have to be returned in their original condition, in the original packaging and with the original price tags and labels. You can try on your purchase to see if it fits and wear it for a short and reasonable amount of time, but any items worn longer than half-an hour are no longer considered as new, and are thus excluded from withdrawal for hygienic reasons.
Customers may chose between repayment of the returned goods, or an exchange for a different size. If preferred, store credits are also available, at the customers wish.
Repayment
We will refund returned items within 14 days after receipt of the undamaged merchandises, through the same payment method used by the customer. The customer is responsible for the entire return costs of the product.
Exchanges
You can return any order to us once for an exchange to a different size, if something does not fit. Just like a withdrawal, the return shipping costs are at the customers expense, and the same restrictions apply (original tags and packaging, unworn, undamaged goods). However, instead of a refund we will issue replacement goods of same value, as specified by the customer on the returns form, and we will send these replacement goods at out own expense.
Damaged goods
We endeavor to provide quality products, which is why we only stock gothic clothing and accessories by renowned brands that have met our quality criteria. We also sample-inspect new deliveries to make sure quality is constant. Yet should you still receive a damaged item, you will need to return it to us.
We will thoroughly inspect the goods, and if the damage is the result of a production fault, we will issue a replacement and give refund you for a reasonable transport costs for sending the item back. Items that have intentionally or unintentionally been damaged by improper use by the customer will not be refunded or replaced.
Please note that color and minor design variations are possible with this kind of fashion, and do not qualify as damaged goods.
Special Offers / Discounts / Clearance Sale
All sales are final for blowout and clearance items. Items are sold AS-IS. There are no refunds, returns or exchanges honored for blowout and clearance items.
Legal
In case of legal dispute, both the customer and Supernova Cult S.A.R.L. will do their best to meet an arrangement out of court. Should not satisfying settlement for both parties be reached, all legal claims and actions shall be filed with the legal courts in Luxemburg. The buyer can suggest a different court, but Supernova Cult S.A.R.L is not bound to accept that suggestion, in which case the courts and laws in Luxemburg shall automatically be in charge of the dispute. Both seller and buyer agree to doing their best to solve any problem and reach an agreement out of court.
Accept
Your privacy is important to us. Even prior to the introduction of GDPR we have taken great care to protect your data. Find out what data we collect and how we use and protect it by reading our privacy notice.