http://www.welshent.com/privacy-policy.aspx
Your Trusted Source for Jaguar Parts Since 1965.
<
Login
Account
Saved For Later
Cart
Our team is here to help you!
Reach us Online
800-875-5247 - Domestic
1+ 740-282-8649 - International
Sample Header Text
Covid-19 Update: Welsh Enterprises is open and available to take your orders by email, web, or phone. Click here for shipping updates from our carriers.
menu
Toggle navigation
Home
Find Parts
Parts by Model
Deals and Featured Products
Find Used Parts
New Salvage Arrivals
Used Parts Request Form
Restoration Parts Support
Specialty Items
Used Engines
Cylinder Heads
Wheels
Gearboxes / Transmissions
Bargains / Unusual Finds
Gift Items
Literature And Media
Buy/Sell Jaguar
Sell Jaguar
Buy Jaguar
Reference Tools
Jaguar Color Guide
Installation Guides
Acronyms/Terms
Video Library
Jaguar Parts Catalog
News/Events
Jaguar News
Join our mailing list
Events
Event Photos
Login to Store
Home
Parts
Search for Parts
Used Parts Request Form
Parts Catalogs
Specialty Items
Wheels
Engines
Deals and Promos
Gift Items
Literature and Media
Expert Support
Video Library
Installation Guides
Jaguar Color Guide
Restorations
Outlines / Acronyms
Community
Events
Submit an Event
Event Photos
Buy/Sell a Jag
Sell Your Jag
Buy a Jag
News
Jaguar News
Join Our Mailing Lists
Contact Us
Account
Home
Parts
Accessories
Contact Us
Login
Questions?
Need help placing your order or have a question about a recent order? Toll free - (800) 875-5247Local - (740) 282-8649Int'l - 1+ (740) 282-8649Fax - 740 282-1913 info@welshent.com
Office Hours:Monday - Thursday:8:30am - 6:00pm EST Friday:8:30am - 5:00pm ESTSaturday:by appointment only Our Business Address Is: 223 N 5th StreetP.O. Box 4130 Steubenville, OH 43952
Welsh Enterprises Privacy Policy
This privacy policy has been compiled to better serve those who are concerned with how their 'Personally Identifiable Information' (PII) is being used online. PII, as described in US privacy law and information security, is information that can be used on its own or with other information to identify, contact, or locate a single person, or to identify an individual in context. Please read our privacy policy carefully to get a clear understanding of how we collect, use, protect or otherwise handle your Personally Identifiable Information in accordance with our website.
What personal information do we collect from the people that visit our blog, website or app?
When ordering or registering on our site, as appropriate, you may be asked to enter your name, email address, mailing address, phone number, credit card information or other details to help you with your experience.
How do we use your information?
We may use the information we collect from you when you register, make a purchase, sign up for our newsletter, respond to a survey or marketing communication, surf the website, or use certain other site features in the following ways:
To personalize your experience and to allow us to deliver the type of content and product offerings in which you are most interested.
To improve our website in order to better serve you.
To allow us to better service you in responding to your customer service requests.
To administer a contest, promotion, survey or other site feature.
To quickly process your transactions.
To send periodic emails regarding your order or other products and services.
To follow up with them after correspondence (live chat, email or phone inquiries)
How do we protect your information?
We do not use vulnerability scanning and/or scanning to PCI standards.
We do collect credit card information, but did not know PCI compliant scans are now required.
We do not use Malware Scanning.
Your personal information is contained behind secured networks and is only accessible by a limited number of persons who have special access rights to such systems, and are required to keep the information confidential. In addition, all sensitive/credit information you supply is encrypted via Secure Socket Layer (SSL) technology.
We implement a variety of security measures when a user places an order enters, submits, or accesses their information to maintain the safety of your personal information.
All transactions are processed through a gateway provider and are not stored or processed on our servers.
Do we use 'cookies'?
We use cookies for statistical tracking purposes.
You can choose to have your computer warn you each time a cookie is being sent, or you can choose to turn off all cookies. You do this through your browser settings. Since browser is a little different, look at your browser's Help Menu to learn the correct way to modify your cookies.
If you turn cookies off, some features will be disabled that make your site experience more efficient and may not function properly. However, you will still be able to place orders.
Third-party disclosure
We do not sell, trade, or otherwise transfer to outside parties your Personally Identifiable Information.
Third-party links
We do not include or offer third-party products or services on our website.
Google
Google's advertising requirements can be summed up by Google's Advertising Principles. They are put in place to provide a positive experience for users.
We use Google AdSense Advertising on our website.
Google, as a third-party vendor, uses cookies to serve ads on our site. Google's use of the DART cookie enables it to serve ads to our users based on previous visits to our site and other sites on the Internet. Users may opt-out of the use of the DART cookie by visiting the Google Ad and Content Network privacy policy.
We, along with third-party vendors such as Google use first-party cookies (such as the Google Analytics cookies) and third-party cookies (such as the DoubleClick cookie) or other third-party identifiers together use adwords to attract customers to our site.
Opting out:
Users can set preferences for how Google advertises to you using the Google Ad Settings page. Alternatively, you can opt out by visiting the Network Advertising Initiative Opt Out page or by using the Google Analytics Opt Out Browser add on.
California Online Privacy Protection Act
CalOPPA is the first state law in the nation to require commercial websites and online services to post a privacy policy. The law's reach stretches well beyond California to require any person or company in the United States (and conceivably the world) that operates websites collecting Personally Identifiable Information from California consumers to post a conspicuous privacy policy on its website stating exactly the information being collected and those individuals or companies with whom it is being shared. - See more at: http://consumercal.org/california-online-privacy-protection-act-caloppa/#sthash.0FdRbT51.dpuf
According to CalOPPA, we agree to the following: Users can visit our site anonymously. Once this privacy policy is created, we will add a link to it on our home page or as a minimum, on the first significant page after entering our website. Our Privacy Policy link includes the word 'Privacy' and can easily be found on our website.
You will be notified of any Privacy Policy changes:
By updates made to this page.
Can change your personal information:
By emailing us.
By calling us.
How does our site handle Do Not Track signals?
We honor Do Not Track signals and Do Not Track, plant cookies, or use advertising when a Do Not Track (DNT) browser mechanism is in place.
Does our site allow third-party behavioral tracking?
It's also important to note that we do not allow third-party behavioral tracking.
COPPA (Children Online Privacy Protection Act)
When it comes to the collection of personal information from children under the age of 13 years old, the Children's Online Privacy Protection Act (COPPA) puts parents in control. The Federal Trade Commission, United States' consumer protection agency, enforces the COPPA Rule, which spells out what operators of websites and online services must do to protect children's privacy and safety online. We do not specifically market to children under the age of 13 years old.
Fair Information Practices
The Fair Information Practices Principles form the backbone of privacy law in the United States and the concepts they include have played a significant role in the development of data protection laws around the globe. Understanding the Fair Information Practice Principles and how they should be implemented is critical to comply with the various privacy laws that protect personal information.
In order to be in line with Fair Information Practices we will take the following responsive action, should a data breach occur:
We will notify you via email, Within 1 business day.
We will notify the users via in-site notification ,Within 1 business day.
We also agree to the Individual Redress Principle which requires that individuals have the right to legally pursue enforceable rights against data collectors and processors who fail to adhere to the law. This principle requires not only that individuals have enforceable rights against data users, but also that individuals have recourse to courts or government agencies to investigate and/or prosecute non-compliance by data processors.
If at any time you would like to unsubscribe from receiving future emails, you can email us at
Follow the instructions at the bottom of each email. info@welshent.com and we will promptly remove you from ALL correspondence.
Contacting Us
If there are any questions regarding this privacy policy, you may contact us using the information below:
Welsh Enterprises
223 North Fifth Street
Steubenville, Ohio 43952
United States
info@welshent.com
740-282-8649
Shopping Details
Policies
Shipping
Returns / Exchanges
Login to My Account
Contact Us
Mon-Thur, 8:30am to 6:00pm EST
Fri, 8:30am to 5:00pm EST
800.875.5247 Toll-Free
740.282.8649 Local
1+ 740.282.8649 Int'l
740.282.1913 Fax
info@welshent.com
About Welsh
Learn more about the founders of Welsh Enterprises and how the business was formed.
[Read More...]
Cart
Save For Later
Account
Login
© Welsh Enterprises, Inc.
All Rights Reserved.
Privacy Policy  •  Legal
Powered by The Ridgefield Group, Inc.