https://www.cactusplaza.com/privacy-policy
Skip to content
Who we are
CactusPlaza is a trade name of:
Bax International V.O.F.
VAT: NL857852784B01
Business registration number:
69379726, Chamber of Commerce
The Netherlands
Our website address is: https://www.cactusplaza.com.
What personal data we collect and why we collect it
We collect the data that you fill in on the checkout form such as your name, address, e-mail and phone number. We do this to process your order so we can ship the order to you. We will contact you by e-mail or phone if there is a problem with the delivery or anything else about the order.
You can choose to create an account. The above info is then stored in your account. The account information is stored indefinitaly and can be delated upon your request.
Comments & Reviews
When visitors leave comments on the site we collect the data shown in the comments form, and also the visitor’s IP address and browser user agent string to help spam detection.
An anonymized string created from your email address (also called a hash) may be provided to the Gravatar service to see if you are using it. The Gravatar service privacy policy is available here: https://automattic.com/privacy/. After approval of your comment, your profile picture is visible to the public in the context of your comment.
Media
If you upload images to the website, you should avoid uploading images with embedded location data (EXIF GPS) included. Visitors to the website can download and extract any location data from images on the website.
Cookies
Cookies are small pieces of information that are stored by your browser on your computer. CactusPlaza uses cookies to recognize you on your next visit. Cookies enable us to gather information about using our services and to improve and adapt to the needs of our visitors. Our cookies provide information regarding personal identification. You can set your browser not to receive cookies while shopping at CactusPlaza.
If you have any questions about our privacy policy, please send us a message. Our customer service will help you if you need information about your data or if you want to change. In case our Privacy Policy are needed, you will find on this page the most recent information.
If you leave a comment on our site you may opt-in to saving your name, email address and website in cookies. These are for your convenience so that you do not have to fill in your details again when you leave another comment. These cookies will last for one year.
If you have an account and you log in to this site, we will set a temporary cookie to determine if your browser accepts cookies. This cookie contains no personal data and is discarded when you close your browser.
When you log in, we will also set up several cookies to save your login information and your screen display choices. Login cookies last for two days, and screen options cookies last for a year. If you select “Remember Me”, your login will persist for two weeks. If you log out of your account, the login cookies will be removed.
If you edit or publish an article, an additional cookie will be saved in your browser. This cookie includes no personal data and simply indicates the post ID of the article you just edited. It expires after 1 day.
Analytics
The CactusPlaza website uses Google Analytics which collects anonymous analytics data to analyse the behaviour of visitors on our website.
Who we share your data with
CactusPlaza does not sell your personal information to third parties. CactusPlaza will make them available to third parties that are involved in processing your order. Our employees and our third parties are obliged to respect the confidentiality of your information.
Your personal information is safe with CactusPlaza
We appreciate the trust you place in us and we will therefore be extremely careful with your data. When you place an order or consult your data at CactusPlaza, use is made of one of the most modern techniques, the Secure Socket Layer.
How long we retain your data
Only registered users can leave a comment or review.
If you leave a comment or review, the comment or review and its metadata are retained indefinitely. This is so we can recognize and approve any follow-up comments automatically instead of holding them in a moderation queue.
For users that register on our website (if any), we also store the personal information they provide in their user profile. All users can see, edit, or delete their personal information at any time (except they cannot change their username). Website administrators can also see and edit that information.
What rights you have over your data
If you have an account on this site, or have left comments, you can request to receive an exported file of the personal data we hold about you, including any data you have provided to us. You can also request that we erase any personal data we hold about you. This does not include any data we are obliged to keep for administrative, legal, or security purposes.
Where we send your data
Visitor comments may be checked through an automated spam detection service.
Additional information
Plugins on this website
Woocommerce
We collect information about you during the checkout process on our store.
What we collect and store
While you visit our site, we’ll track:
• Products you’ve viewed: we’ll use this to, for example, show you products you’ve recently viewed
• Location, IP address and browser type: we’ll use this for purposes like estimating taxes and shipping
• Shipping address: we’ll ask you to enter this so we can, for instance, estimate shipping before you place an order, and send you the order!
We’ll also use cookies to keep track of cart contents while you’re browsing our site.
Note: you may want to further detail your cookie policy, and link to that section from here.
When you purchase from us, we’ll ask you to provide information including your name, billing address, shipping address, email address, phone number and optional account information like username and password. We’ll use this information for purposes, such as, to:
• Send you information about your account and order
• Respond to your requests, including refunds and complaints
• Process payments and prevent fraud
• Set up your account for our store
• Comply with any legal obligations we have, such as calculating taxes
• Improve our store offerings
• Send you marketing messages, if you choose to receive them
If you create an account, we will store your name, address, email and phone number, which will be used to populate the checkout for future orders.
We generally store information about you for as long as we need the information for the purposes for which we collect and use it, and we are not legally required to continue to keep it. For example, we will store order information for XXX years for tax and accounting purposes. This includes your name, email address and billing and shipping addresses.
We will also store comments or reviews, if you choose to leave them.
Who on our team has access
Members of our team have access to the information you provide us. For example, both Administrators and Shop Managers can access:
• Order information like what was purchased, when it was purchased and where it should be sent, and
• Customer information like your name, email address, and billing and shipping information.
Our team members have access to this information to help fulfill orders, process refunds and support you.
What we share with others
We share information with third parties who help us provide our orders and store services to you.
Payments
We accept payments through Mollie. When processing payments, some of your data will be passed to Mollie, including information required to process or support the payment, such as the purchase total and billing information.
YITH WooCommerce Review Reminder
During the checkout, customers can express their consent to receive a review reminder about the product(s) they’ve purchased.
If they agree, an email will be scheduled and sent in the following days after the order is completed.
If they deny, the email address provided by users during the checkout and, if registered to the site, their ID, will be logged into a dedicated table in the database to prevent they receive any reminders.
Members of our team have access to the information you provide us. For example, both Administrators and Shop Managers can access:
• the list of scheduled emails
• the list of all email addresses that do not want to receive review reminders
How we protect your data
We everything within our power and knowledge to protect your data. We use SSL protection and keep our website updated.
What data breach procedures we have in place
If there is a data breach the authorities will be contacted as soon as possible and will do everything we can to solve the issue.
Search for:
Plants
Cactus Plants
Succulent Plants
Seeds
Cactus Seeds
Succulent Seeds
Exotic Seeds
Cuttings
Cactus Cuttings
Succulent Cuttings
Collections
Mini Succulents
Hardy Succulents
Accessories
Login
CactusPlaza.com uses functional and analytical cookies. By using our website you agree with the use of these cookies.Ok Privacy PolicyPrivacy & Cookies Policy
Close
Privacy Overview
This website uses cookies to improve your experience while you navigate through the website. Out of these, the cookies that are categorized as necessary are stored on your browser as they are essential for the working of basic functionalities of the website. We also use third-party cookies that help us analyze and understand how you use this website. These cookies will be stored in your browser only with your consent. You also have the option to opt-out of these cookies. But opting out of some of these cookies may affect your browsing experience.
Necessary
Necessary
Always Enabled
Necessary cookies are absolutely essential for the website to function properly. This category only includes cookies that ensures basic functionalities and security features of the website. These cookies do not store any personal information.
Non-necessary
Non-necessary
Any cookies that may not be particularly necessary for the website to function and is used specifically to collect user personal data via analytics, ads, other embedded contents are termed as non-necessary cookies. It is mandatory to procure user consent prior to running these cookies on your website.
Login
Username or email address *
Password *
Remember me
Log in
Lost your password?
Register
Email address *
Password *
Your personal data will be used to support your experience throughout this website, to manage access to your account, and for other purposes described in our privacy policy.
Register