http://www.collectors-outpost.com/privacy-policy/
Privacy Policy
Loading... Please wait...
Track My Order
Login
you have
in cart
Checkout
Free Shipping
On All Orders Over $75
Coin Holders & Storage
Multiple Coin Holders
Coin Albums
Coin Folders
Coin Tubes
Coin Wrappers
Coin Cases
Coin Pages & Binders
Single Coin Holders
Paper Holders- Cardboards
Coin Capsules
Air-Tite Holders
Coin Flips
Envelopes
Plastic Snaplocks & Slabs
Zipper & Gift Bags
Coin Storage
Coin Boxes
Coin Tubes
Displays
Display Boxes
Trays & Frames
Easels
Popular Products
Cardboard 2x2s (100 ct)
$2.79 $3.10
Coin Capsules
$0.35 $0.41
Tubes
$0.39 $0.40
Archival Pages (10 ct)
$2.89 $2.95
Featured Brands
Currency Supplies
Multi-Note Storage
Currency Pages
Currency Sleeves & Toploaders
Currency Albums
Currency Wallets
Single-Note Storage
Currency Cases & Displays
Currency Boxes
Currency Books
Popular Products
Currency Cases
$2.69 $2.75
Storage Boxes
$4.49 $4.99
Featured Brands
Guardhouse
Collector Tools & Chemicals
Collector Tools
Handling Accessories
Magnifiers & Loupes
Scales
Calipers
Staplers
Lamps
Coin Shipping Supplies
Coin Mailers
Envelopes
Tapes & Dispensers
Security Bags
Packing Materials
Popular Products
Air-Tite SuperSafe Shipper
$1.79
Safe-T-Mailer
$0.39
Featured Brands
Air-Tites
Safe-T-Mailer
Numismatic Books
Coin Collecting Books
General Coin Reference
Pricing & Grading Guides
Currency Books
General Paper Money Reference
Popular Products
2018 Red BookBy Whitman
Featured Brands
Quarters & Dollars Supplies
State Quarters
Maps
Albums
Folders
Holders & Cases
National Park Quarters
Maps
Albums
Folders
Holders & Cases
Presidential Dollars
Albums
Folders
Holders & Cases
Popular Products
State Quarter Map
$8.89 $9.99
Park Quarters Album
$18.29 $18.99
Featured Brands
Gift Ideas &Kid's Stuff
Shop by Brand
Air-Tites
Dansco
Guardhouse
HE-Harris
Littleton
Whitman
Shop by Coins
select your coin
cents
nickels
dimes
quarters
half dollars
small dollars
large dollars
american eagle
silver medallions
other coins
HomePrivacy Policy
Privacy Policy
When visiting any website, we encourage you to read that website's privacy policy. CoinSupplyPlanet.com is committed to keeping your information private and confidential.
Should you have any suggestions or comments regarding our privacy policy, we encourage you to reach out to us. Our complete contact information, including telephone number and physical mailing address, may be found on our contact page.
Information Collection and Use
CoinSupplyPlanet.com is the sole owner of the information collected on this site. CoinSupplyPlanet.com collects information from users at several different places on our website in order to process orders and better serve you with pertinent information. Information collected includes name, shipping address, billing address, telephone numbers, e-mail address, and payment information such as credit card.
CoinSupplyPlanet.com also requires you to submit a user name and password of your choice for future access to your information. Your user name and password is to remain confidential and you should not share this information with anyone.
Registration
In order to process your orders using this website, a user may be first required to complete the registration form. During registration a user may be required to give their contact information such as name, e-mail, telephone number and physical address. This information may beused to contact the user about the products and services on our site, such as sending automated order status updates, order tracking information, special offers from CoinSupplyPlanet.com or 3rd parties and/or other products and service news. This information may also be shared with our product suppliers for the purpose of fulfilling customer’s order.
Orders
Most of the information collected in the registration process will be used to process orders. In the order process, a user will be required to provide additional financial information such as credit card number and expiration date. This information is used for billing purposes and to fulfill customer’s orders. If we have trouble processing an order, this contact information is used to get in touch with the user. We do not share your financial information with any third parties. The only exception is when processing your credit card information with the merchant bank for authorization and approval. This process is protected by an enhanced security system.
In order to fulfill customer’s order, CoinSupplyPlaner.com may share order details information such as item purchased, quantity purchased and shipping information with our product suppliers. This information will only be shared for the purpose of fulfilling customer’s order.
Log Files & Cookies
We collect technical and statistical information whenever you visit our website through the use of tracking technologies such as Cookies and Pixel Tags. This type of information collected may include things such as your IP address, operating system, type of browser and website activity. We collect this data to help us improve the quality of our website.
We use cookies to maintain cart data and to customize page content. If, as a user, you reject the cookie, you may still use our site; however, you will be unable to use our shopping cart to purchase items online. This is because the shopping cart uses cookies to retain information necessary to process your order. If you disable cookies, we will not be able to accept your order online. We do not share any information with any third party sites. Cookies are also used strictly for the purpose of enhancing your personal experience with our site.
Data Sharing
We use outside shipping companies (eg. FedEx, USPS, UPS) to ship orders and credit card processing companies (eg. Authorize.Net) to bill users for goods and services. These companies do not retain, share, store, or use personally identifiable information for any secondary purposes. We also use third party service providers for the shopping cart (eg. Google Checkout, PayPal) and they do not retain, share, store, or use personally identifiable information for any secondary purposes.
CoinSupplyPlanet.com is located in New York and abides by all federal and state laws. CoinSupplyPlanet.com will disclose any personally identifiable information when required to by law, such as to comply with a judicial proceeding, court order, or subpoena, but not under any other circumstances.
Outside Links
This website contains links to other sites. Please be aware CoinSupplyPlanet.com is not responsible for the privacy practices of other such sites. We encourage our users to be aware when they leave our site and to read the privacy statements of each and every website that collects personally identifiable information. This privacy statement applies solely to information collected by this website.
Security
CoinSupplyPlanet.com's website takes every precaution to protect our users’ information. When users submit sensitive information via the website, that information is protected both online and off-line.
When our registration/order form asks users to enter sensitive information (such as credit card number), that information is encrypted and protected with encryption software in the industry: SSL.
All of our users’ information is classified and restricted. Only employees who need the information to perform a specific job are granted access to personally identifiable information. If you wish to have your information removed, you may contact us to do so. For future transactions, you will be required to re-enter your information.
Special Offers
From time to time, CoinSupplyPlanet.com may choose to send you promotional offers regarding products/services we feel you may be interested in or products/services of 3rd parties we feel you may be interested in. Out of respect for the privacy of our users, we present the option to not receive these types of communications: if you wish to no longer receive special offers, you may opt out by contacting us or using the appropriate link in the email communication received. Please see our choice and opt-out below for further details of how to be removed from our mailing list.
Correction/Updating/Reviewing Personal Information
Customers may change or review their recorded account information such as address or e-mail in the My Accountarea, or by going to the home page and clicking on the My Account link. You MUST have your username and password in order to access your account.
Choice/Opt-out
For customers who wish to opt-out or be removed from CoinSupplyPlanet.com special offers and related news, CoinSupplyPlanet.com provides several methods to accomplish this request. Users who no longer wish to receive our newsletter or promotional materials may opt-out of receiving these communications by contacting us with a request to be removed. Or, customers may also use the link provided with all communications to automatically unsubscribe.
Notification of Changes
CoinSupplyPlanet.com reserves the right to update its privacy policy at any time. Please be sure to check back regularly for any changes. In the event that we make a material change to our privacy policy, we will use reasonable effort to make material changes known in accordance with the privacy policy under which the information was collected.
By using our Web site, you consent to the collection and use of information as it is disclosed in this Privacy Policy statement. If you do not agree we ask that you do not use our site. Thank You.
UP TO 30% OFF RETAIL
We Guarantee it
FREE SHIPPING
On Orders Over $75
QUICK DELIVERY
Same-day Processing
100% SAFE SHOPPING
Secure Checkout System
Company Info
About Us
Testimonials
Blog
Sitemap
Customer Service
Track Your Order
FAQs
Contact Us
Return Policy
Shopping Resources
Gift Cards
Top Sellers
Store Brands
Your Account
Login
View Cart
Terms & Conditions
Privacy Policy
Get instant savings
© 2020 CoinSupplyPlanet.com.
| Powered by BigCommerce Marketing 360
All content and images are used with permission and copyrighted by their respective owners. © Transline Supply Co.