http://www.electric-outboard-motors.co.uk/privacy.htm
0 Items | £0.00
Home > Terms and Conditions
Privacy Notice
Last Updated 25/5/2018
We respect privacy and your rights to control your personal
data. Our principle guidelines are simple, we will be clear about the data we
collect and why.
We will not ask you for data that we do not need.  We do not and will not sell your data to
third parties.
We will only share your data with companies and
organisations for the purpose of fulfilling the order(s) that you have asked us
to supply or to regulatory bodies such as HMRC when required.
This policy applies to any personal data that we collect
about you when you:
Visit one of our websites
Purchase products from us
Visit one of our stores
Contact us by telephone, email, post or through
submitting a form on our websites.
1) Why Do We
Collect Data?
We collect data for the following reasons:
To process your payment card in order for you to
pay for the goods that we are supplying.
To send you your order with a delivery company
After sales support, product returns and
warranty processing.
For internal record keeping
To comply with HMRC regulations
To comply with anti fraud regulations
Marketing Purposes - For contacting you to let
you know about our news, products and promotions.
All data is collected as we have a legitimate interest to do
so in order to provide the products and sales service that you ask us to
provide.
2) What Data Do
We Collect ?
When you choose to place an order on our website or by
telephone we will collect and store the following customer information against
your order:
Customer Name
Customer Billing Address
Customer Delivery Address
Contact Email address
Contact Telephone number
Your selected products to purchase
We collect this data for the purpose of fulfilling our
contract to supply the goods that you have ordered. The data above is stored
securely in paper format and electronically on our secure server.
Important Note - we only collect personal data
that you provide us with at the time or order or through communications that you send to us. We do not buy customer data from 3rd party companies.
Online
Orders
To maximise the security of our checkout system, when you
place an order on our website your payment details are collected by a 3rd
party Payment Service Provider (PSP).
Our current Payment Service Provider is SagePay who are one
of the leading specialists in secure card processing and meet all the required
standards.
The Data Processed
and Stored by SagePay
Customer Name
Customer Billing Address
Customer Delivery Address
Contact Email address
Contact Telephone number
Payment card number
Payment card expiry date & Security code
We do not collect or store payment card information for
online website transactions on our internal systems.
Telephone
Orders
If you place an order over the telephone, you will speak to
a member of our staff employed at one of our UK based warehouses. We do not use
call centres.
We do not record telephone conversations or keep your card
details on record for future order processing.
We do not store your card data in any electronic format.
3) Sharing
your data within our group of companies
www.electric-outboard-motors.co.uk is part of Bournemouth Canoes Ltd which is part of a group of companies;
the group consists of the following companies.
Kayaks & Paddles (Plymouth) Ltd
Bournemouth Canoes Ltd
Brighton Canoes Ltd
Canoe & Kayak Distribution Ltd T/A
Southampton Canoes
Kayaks & Paddles (Manchester) Ltd – T/A
Manchester Canoes
Cornwall Canoes Ltd
Norfolk Canoes Ltd
The Canoe Shops (Group) Ltd
Canoe Shops (2014) Ltd
The group of companies operates a shared stock holding which
means that your order may be shipped from any of our companies.
Customer details listed in section 2, may be shared between our group of
companies for the purpose of supplying your order by 3rd party
courier, via our click & collect service, deliveries using our fleet of
vehicles, after sales support or for fraud prevention.
4) Sharing
your data with 3rd Party Companies
In order to provide a delivery service, we will share your
name, address and contact details with our courier companies.
We use a number of third-party companies to carry out
services such as order shipping and credit card processing. We only share your
personal data where necessary to complete a transaction, provide a product/service
that you have requested/authorised and only with vendors/agents working on our
behalf for the purposes described in this statement.
In this case, your personal information will be shared with
these agents or contractors but only for performing services on behalf of Bournemouth Canoes Ltd and in accordance with this statement. It
is our legitimate interest to process your personal data for these purposes.
We may also share your data with regulatory bodies, HMRC and
the Police when required to do so.
We will not sell your data to any organisation.
5) Marketing
Emails
We will not send any marketing related communications to you.
6) Cookie
Policy
Our website uses cookies to distinguish you from other users of
our website. By continuing to browse the site, you are agreeing to our use of
cookies.
Cookies contain information that is transferred to your computer’s
hard drive. These cookies are used to store information, such as the time that
the current visit occurred, whether the visitor has been to the site before and
what site referred the visitor to the web page. You can choose to accept or
decline cookies. Most web browsers automatically accept cookies, but you can
usually modify your browser setting to decline cookies if you prefer. This may
prevent you from taking full advantage of the website.
Cookies used by this website include:
Shopping
Basket Session IDs
Cookie
Consent Status
YouTube
Videos
Google
Analytics
Google
Analytics is a web analytics tool that helps website owners understand how
visitors engage with their website. Google Analytics customers can view a
variety of reports about how website visitors interact with their website so
that they can improve it.
Google Analytics collects information anonymously. It reports
website trends without identifying individual visitors. You can opt
out of Google Analytics without affecting how you visit our site –
for more information on opting out of being tracked by Google Analytics across
all websites you use, contact Google.
7) Links to other websites
Our website may contain links to other websites of interest.
However, once you have used these links to leave our site, you should note that
we do not have any control over that website. Therefore, we cannot be
responsible for the protection and privacy of any information which you provide
whilst visiting such sites and such sites are not governed by this privacy notice.
You should exercise caution and look at the privacy notice applicable
to the website in question.
8) How
to Contact Us
If you have any questions about the use of your personal
information, please contact us
Nationwide Delivery
Delivery Available Throughout Mainland UK *
Nationwide Stores
7 Large Stores Located Throughout The UK - Click & Collect
Secure Ordering System
128-Bit Encrypted Checkout System For Added Security
Mail Order Specialists
Online Specialists for the entire range of Minn Kota Outboards