http://www.jewelplus.com/terms-and-conditions/
Skip to Main Content
D&D Jewelry Walnut Creek CA
May we help you? Please call us at 925-274-1444.
Diamonds
Catalog
Wish List
Cart
Login
Engagement & Bridal
Anniversary Bands
Wedding Bands
Diamonds
Jewelry Collections
Gents
Jewelry
Moissanite
Watches
New Arrivals
Deals
Services
About
Contact
Engagement & Bridal
Anniversary Bands
Wedding Bands
Diamonds
Natural Loose Diamond Search
Lab-Grown Loose Diamond Search
Diamond Guide
Jewelry Collections
Signature Collection
Jewelplus Collection
Forever Elegant Collection
D&D Collection
Italian Collection
Designer Fashion Jewelry Collection
Quality Collection
Leslie's
Picture Perfect Collection
True Origin™ Lab Grown Diamond Jewelry
Cheryl M
Shey Couture
Luxury Collection
Estate Jewelry Deals
Rolex Pre-Owned Watches
Cartier Pre-Owned Watches
eCatalogs
Luxury Collection
Gents
Jewelry
Anklets
Anniversary Bands
Bands
Bracelets
Bridal Sets
Chains
Chain Bracelets
Chain Necklaces
Cuff Links
Earring Jackets
Earrings
Engagement Rings
Enhancers, Guards & Wraps
Eternity Bands
Fashion Sets
Necklaces
Pendants
Personalized
Promise Rings
Rings
Watches
Watch Bands
Wedding Bands
Moissanite
Moissanite Solitaire Rings
Moissanite Stud Earrings
Moissanite Rings
Moissanite Earrings
Loose Moissanite
Watches
Rolex Pre-Owned
Cartier Pre-Owned
Rolex Gents Pre-Owned
Rolex Sports Pre-Owned
Rolex Ladies Pre-Owned
Rolex Midsize Pre-Owned
New Arrivals
Deals
Services
Corporate Gifts
Coupons
Custom Design
eCatalogs
Financing
Gold & Diamond Buying
Jewelry Appraisals
Jewelry Engraving
Jewelry Insurance
Jewelry Repairs
Pearl & Bead Restringing
Watch Repairs
About
About Us
Why Buy From Us?
Refer-a-Friend
Frequently Asked Questions
Giving Back
Jewelplus Blog
Our Location
Our Team
Testimonials
Job Opportunities
Schedule an Appointment
Contact
Contact Us
Write a Testimonial
Home
Terms and Conditions / Policies
Terms and Conditions / Policies
The use of this website and also the associated linked websites is governed by the policies set forth in this section titled "Terms and Conditions / Policies". The terms and conditions set forth apply to the D&D Jewelry website located at www.jewelplus.com and all its associated linked websites. Please read the following terms and conditions carefully. Using this website or any of its associated linked websites indicates your acceptance of these terms and conditions. These Terms and Conditions govern your use of, and any purchase from the D&D Jewelry website, and constitute an agreement between you and D&D Jewelry. D&D Jewelry reserves the right, at its sole discretion and without any obligation to make changes or modify any of these terms and conditions or any policy or guideline of the website at any time and without notice. Any change or modification will be effective immediately upon posting of the revisions on the Site. Prices are subject to change due to market fluctuations. We reserve the right to discontinue any item in our catalog. Some jewelry items may be enlarged to show beautiful details. All carat weights on gemstones are approximate. Your continued use of the Site following the posting of its changes or modifications will constitute your acceptance of such changes or modifications. To understand the terms and conditions that apply to your use of the website, we ask you to review the terms and conditions and any other applicable policies prior to purchase. D&D Jewelry makes no representations concerning any content of sites accessed through jewelplus.com, and will not be responsible or liable for the accuracy, copyright compliance, legality or decency of material contained in those sites.
Commitments and Goals
Jewelplus.com is created with the consumer in mind. Our company goals are simple:
To help you find what YOU need,
With the HIGHEST Quality to Price ratio,
At the most COMPETATIVE PRICE,
With High Quality Customer Care and Service,
In the FASTEST possible delivery time.
We have built Jewelplus.com simply by thinking that we are as well, a customer. The company, its people, and this website, is fully committed to providing the highest level of service and products available in the industry. Please note that because we deal at both, retail and wholesale levels, we have an enormous range of jewelry items, in all varieties, for all occasions. Should you need it, we can provide you with expert information so that you can make the most informed decision possible.
We will continue to improve and expand the present website based upon consumer needs and expectations. Thus, We encourage you to Contact us with your comments, criticisms, and expectations. Yes, we do read them, take them very seriously, and reflect upon them.
Governing Law/Venue
This Agreement, the Terms, the Service and any modifications thereto may not be assigned or in any way transferred without the prior written consent of jewelplus.com. The terms of this Agreement shall be construed in accordance with the substantive laws of the State of California, United States of America, without giving effect to the principles of conflict or choice of law of such state. Each user hereby consents to the exclusive jurisdiction and venue of courts in the Contra Costa County, California, U.S.A. in all disputes arising out of or relating to the use of this Service. Attorney fees & costs in action on agreement: The prevailing party in any action or proceeding to enforce any provision of this agreement should be awarded reasonable attorney fees and costs incurred in that action or proceeding or in efforts to negotiate the matter. We may also elect to choose third party organizations for mediation purposes.
Secure Transactions
To prevent use of your personal information from unauthorized 3rd parties, and to assure a safe and pleasant shopping environment for you, Jewelplus.com uses the industry standard “Secure Sockets Layer (SSL)” technology. This technology protects your data and secures each and every one of your transactions. SSL encrypts all your personal information, including your name, address, all contact information, and credit card number.
Privacy Policy
We fully realize that preserving your privacy is vital to our long-term relationship with you. Accordingly, we have “zero tolerance” level on sharing any part of your personal information, with other 3rd parties, without your written consent. Please rest assured that your personal information is simply, safe with us.
Typographical Errors
Jewelplus.com makes every possible effort to make certain that product information in our catalog is listed with high degree of accuracy by all means. Many images shown are mainly captured using fairly high resolution digital equipment, and they are what we believe to be accurate representation of the items we sell and ship. In the event that the product information is incorrect due to typographical error or maybe error in information received from our suppliers, Jewelplus.com will inform the customer of the nature of the error, and will allow the customer the option of canceling or changing the order. If your credit card has already been charged for the purchase and your order is canceled, we will immediately issue a credit to your credit card account in the amount of the incorrect price.
100% Guaranteed Lifetime Upgrading/Trading-Up Program
Our diamond upgrade policy is simple, hassle-free, and is centered around your needs. The purchase of any certified diamond from D&D Jewelry automatically qualifies you for our 100% Guaranteed Lifetime upgrading. Anytime after making your initial diamond ring purchase with certified diamond from D&D Jewelry, the ceretified diamond can be traded/upgraded for any other in-house diamond with 100% of your original purchase price applied to the new diamond. We offer this program because we are very confident in the quality and value of our diamonds. In this program, at our sole discretion, we will also consider reading up diamonds purchased elsewhere. Details will be discussed at time of upgrading. We will do our very best to accommodate all our clients to ensure complete satisfaction with their upgrade purchases. Should you require upgrading, please Contact us.
Custom Design / Special Custom-Made Orders
We are happy to assist you in evaluating your custom design requests. D&D Jewelry (jewelplus.com) is not liable for copyright infringements. You are responsible and maintain ownership of the design you submit.
Limitation of Liability on 'Diamond' and 'Lab-Grown Diamond' Laboratory Grading Reports
A Diamond (including Lab-Grown Diamond) Laboratory Grading Report ("Report") is an independent 3rd party opinion regarding the quality of a diamond. While such Reports are based upon quantifiable standards, a certain level of subjectivity is always inherent in the diamond grading process. Moreover, the standards that the various diamond laboratories use are not uniform. Accordingly, D&D Jewelry's (jewelplus.com's) transmittal or use of any such Report should not and does not imply D&D Jewelry's agreement with or endorsement thereof.
Further, D&D Jewelry makes no representation or express warranty, and disclaims all implied warranties, with respect to the diamond laboratory grading reports accompanying or applicable to the diamonds that it sells, or the accuracy thereof. In no event shall D&D Jewelry or any of its employees or agents be liable to a customer or any other 3rd party for any loss, damage or expense, or any consequential, incidental, indirect, exemplary, statutory, special or punitive damages, resulting from an error in or omission from, or the issuance of, use of, or reliance upon, a report, regardless of whether or not the customer or such other 3rd party was advised of the possibility of such damages.
Terms of Layaway Plan
Jewelplus.com Layaway Plan is available to you for all orders with total purchase price of $500 and beyond. We simply hold and reserve the merchandise, and lock the price for you till it is fully paid within 60 days. We will then ship the merchandise to you. Here is how it works:
To start the layaway plan for any item(s) of your interest, we would need initial minimum deposit of 20%.
Payments by major credit cards, check or money order, bank wire transfers or direct bank deposits, or Paypal are all accepted.
Once this deposit is received, the item(s) will be reserved and the price locked for you for a period of 60 days.
After paying the initial deposit, you have 60 days to pay-off the item(s) by either weekly or bi-weekly or monthly payments of your choice. You choose payments that are most affordable for you. For every payment received, we will promptly notify and confirm receipt of payment and the remaining balance via email.
After 60 days, if the item is not paid-off, 10% monthly service charge (10% of sales price) accumulates on your balance.
If you decide for any reason to cancel your layaway, you will be given a “no-time-limit” Store Credit for the full amount of your initial deposit or combined payments, which can be used towards your next purchase.
You may pay-off your layaway at any time within 60 days of initial deposit.
Once the balance has been fully paid within 60 days of initial deposit, we will promptly ship your item.
Should you require additional information, please Contact us.
Shipping Policy
To maintain our high level of service and customer satisfaction, we have set forth the following policies regarding shipping:
FREE Standard Shipping to all U.S. addresses (including APO/FPO) for all orders greater than $100. Stocked items are shipped upon receipt of order by 12pm California time. We only use delivery services with tracking. Expedited shipping with discounted rates is also available upon your request.
All shipments have a tracking number and are insured
Buyer will receive an instant e-mail notification at the time of order, confirming purchase details. Another e-mail notification will be sent confirming actual shipment.
Should you require any special delivery instructions, please Contact us, we are flexible!
In order to assure prompt and trouble-free service, please take extra moment to review the order form for completeness and correctness before submittal.
Orders received after 4:00pm Pacific Standard Time, will be processed the following business day.
We make full effort to keep items in stock, however, in the event of any “out-of-stock” item, the buyer will be promptly notified by e-mail with the approximate delivery time noted.
In the event of any item “sold-out”, the buyer will be notified and full refund will be processed immediately.
All overnight and expedite deliveries must be made to a physical street address (sorry, no P.O. Boxes).
Please note that items such as rings may require additional time due to customizing options such as sizing. Shipping maybe delayed due to any special design/alterations items, however, we will make every attempt to process these orders in a timely manner. Buyer will be kept informed by e-mail regarding order status.
U.S.A. Shipments
During the check-out process, please indicate your preferred method of shipping (shipping charges already include insurance and handling, and will be shown and added to your purchase amount during check-out). For USPS First Class mail, please allow 5-10 business days for delivery of stocked items. Special-Order or Custom-Made items have delivery time window of 2-6 weeks, depending on the design complexities of each ordered item. Customer will be kept informed and notified of the order status and anticipated/actual shipment date.
International Shipments (outside U.S.A.)
We ship international, however due to constraints/delays in customs procedures, and duties, tariffs, etc., orders will naturally require extra time for delivery, and shipping charges are variable. During the check-out process shipping charges shown already include insurance and handling, and will be added to your purchase amount. Please Contact us should you have any questions/concerns regarding your order. In any event, we would contact you by e-mail, providing order status. We gladly accept International Money Orders and Bank Wire Transfers, should you wish to mail your payment.
Checks and Money Orders
We accept Checks or Money Orders, should you desire to make payments that way. Please make payments in U.S. dollars for the full amount of the order. Checks must include a valid nine digit bank routing number (ABA code). All item are shipped only upon verification of funds. Please note that paying by check will slow down the order process due to payment processing and verification of funds. The usual delay for items purchased by checks is 7-10 business days. Please do not hesitate to Contact us should you have questions.
Return Policy
Unless noted otherwise in the product listing, money back guaranteed returns accepted for all non-altered and regularly stocked non-customized items. If you are not satisfied for any reason, you may return your non-customized purchase within 30 days of receipt for a full refund as stated below. Please see below exceptions for brand-name watches & special order jewelry.
Please take note of the following points regarding refunds. Any deviations from below instructions may result in decline of your refund request or penalties. We kindly ask you to read carefully and comply:
If you are not completely satisfied with your order for any reason, you may return your non-customized regularly stocked purchase within 30 days of receipt (see below for refund requirements). Exception: Due to heavy costs associated with “Special Order/Custom Orders” and “Brand-Name Designer Watches”, returns/refunds for any “Special Order/Custom Orders” or “Brand-Name Designer Watches” (see below for details) will not be accepted.
Restocking Fees: There are no re-stocking fees.
Prior to mailing any item back to us for refund, please contact us within 30 days of receipt, so that we can provide you with a “Return Merchandise Authorization”. If we do not hear from you within 30 days of receipt of merchandise, we will not accept any returns regardless of reasoning.
Having repairs done outside of jewelplus.com without jewelplus.com’s written consent will result in the sale being considered final; meaning no refunds will be accepted and for all watch purchases, your watch warranty with jewelplus.com will be void.
We ship each and every item with individual identification bar-coded “Tag” attached. Please DO NOT DETACH TAG. If the tag has been “cut-off” and removed, or if the item is sent back with the tag separated and loose in the package, we will not accept the merchandise back for refund, regardless of reasoning.
Before mailing any item back, please Contact us to receive “Return Merchandise Authorization”.
We ask you to kindly return all merchandise in their original functional condition (no dents or scratches, no missing or switched parts, no breakage, etc.) and in their original boxes with all tags intact. For your protection please insure all items for their full value and ship such that you have a tracking number and can verify receipt. Upon receipt of merchandise, all returned items would be inspected and identified by our professional staff.
We obviously cannot accept returns for any merchandise that has been switched, altered or damaged.
We process all refunds (less shipping cost) after receipt & inspection of merchandise. Refunds would be processed using the same method as payment was received. Allow 4-6 weeks for refunds to be issued.
Please note that All Brand-Name Designer Watches (such as Cartier, Rolex, Omega, etc.) are NON-RETURNABLE and NON-REFUNDABLE.
Please note that All “Special Order/Custom Jewelry” items are NON-RETURNABLE and NON-REFUNDABLE. A special order or custom jewelry or watch is defined as a piece of jewelry or a custom cut gemstone or a made-to-order watch specifically ordered and agreed to by payment of the customer. Re-sizing jewelry is considered special order. Due to the nature of design (with the stones set all the way around the band, or a repeated pattern all the way around the band) please note that all Eternity Rings/Bands are considered custom-made, and thus are non-returnable for refund or exchange. However for an added cost, we can re-manufacture the band to your newly desired finger size. We will gladly replace missing stones, however the cost to replace the missing stone is your responsibility.
Sales Tax
Jewelplus.com is based in the state of California. State law requires that we charge sales tax only on orders shipped to customers residing in the state of California.
Affiliation
Jewelplus.com is an independent company and is not affiliated with any watch or jewelry manufacturer or distributor.
Lifetime Warranty
We are committed in providing the highest quality jewelry that lasts a lifetime. We aim to make you happy with your jewelry purchase now and ever-after! Your fine jewelry was created with great care by expert jewelers, and rigorously quality-checked throughout its manufacturing process. The design and precise craftsmanship of all our jewelry is nothing less than outstanding. We are confident in the quality of our merchandise to extend an automatic Lifetime Warranty on all fine jewelry sales. We offer a lifetime warranty against manufacturing defects. We will replace any diamond under 0.05 carat weight that is broken or lost during everyday wear and tear. Diamonds above 0.05ct, center and side stone diamonds and gemstones, watches & watch accessories, and repairs are not covered under the Lifetime Warranty. Damage, loss or theft are not covered by the Lifetime Warranty, and while we're happy to repair your jewelry, there are fees associated with jewelry repair.
To keep the Lifetime Warranty current, you must bring (or ship) your jewelry to our store for inspection at regular intervals (every six months), and repaired if necessary. For your convenience, we will keep inspection/repair records. As part of our automatic Lifetime Warranty-covered maintenance, we will examine all diamonds/gemstones with gemological microscope or loupe, so that you are aware of potential issues before they arise -- including possibly loosing stones. The Lifetime Warranty also covers cleaning. You’ll notice how much better your jewelry will look when clean, this will also keep the diamonds/gemstones looking perfect.
Limited Watch Warranty
Brand-New Watches
All watches are quality-checked prior to shipping for authenticity, correctness of time, and function. We provide a “1-year” parts & labor warranty on the “watch movement” to our customers on all new watches purchased from Jewelplus.com. During the term of the warranty if the “watch movement” is defective in material or workmanship (under normal use), at no charge (including parts and labor), we will repair or replace it. Naturally, our warranty does not cover accidents, misuse, normal wear and tear, or neglect and does not apply to bracelets, straps, crystals, crowns or cases. In addition, any work performed on your watch without Jewelplus.com’s authorization will be at customer’s expense and will automatically void your Jewelplus.com warranty. Should your watch require “Covered Warranty Repairs” during the valid warranty period, it must be returned to Jewelplus.com according to our “Return Policy”. Jewelplus.com is an independent manufacturer and is not affiliated with any watch company or distributor. Jewelplus.com DISCLAIMS ANY LIABILITY FOR CONSEQUENTIAL OR INCIDENTAL DAMAGES FOR BREACH OF WRITTEN OR IMPLIED WARRANTY OF THIS WATCH, INCLUDING MERCHANTABILITY OR FITNESS FOR A PARTICULAR PURPOSE.
Pre-Owned Watches
Before offering any “used” watch for sale, we inspect and clearly rate the condition of the watch as: Unworn-Excellent, Excellent, and Good. We further authenticate and verify the quality by our watch experts. We provide a “1-year” parts & labor warranty on the “watch movement” to our customers on all “pre-owned” watches purchased from Jewelplus.com. During the term of the warranty if the “watch movement” is defective in material or workmanship (under normal use), at no charge (including parts and labor), we will repair or replace it. Naturally, our warranty does not cover accidents, misuse, normal wear and tear, or neglect and does not apply to bracelets, straps, crystals, crowns or cases. In addition, any work performed on your watch without Jewelplus.com’s authorization will be at customer’s expense and will automatically void your Jewelplus.com warranty. Should your watch require “Covered Warranty Repairs” during the valid warranty period, it must be returned to Jewelplus.com according to our “Return Policy”. Jewelplus.com is an independent manufacturer and is not affiliated with any watch company or distributor. Jewelplus.com DISCLAIMS ANY LIABILITY FOR CONSEQUENTIAL OR INCIDENTAL DAMAGES FOR BREACH OF WRITTEN OR IMPLIED WARRANTY OF THIS WATCH, INCLUDING MERCHANTABILITY OR FITNESS FOR A PARTICULAR PURPOSE.
Fitting Bezel on Your Watch
If we provide and fit bezel on your watch, we warranty the bezel-fit for a period of 30 days from the date of invoice. Do not swim or dive or expose your bezel-fitted watch to any other similar situations where it is submerged to any depth of any fluid; doing so may cause serious damages to your watch and will void your 30 days warranty with us. Jewelplus.com is not liable for any damages caused by water penetration or neglect (i.e. dropping, banging the watch, etc.). Do not expose your bezel-fitted watch to any higher than normal room temperatures (such as sauna, hot tub, etc.); doing so may cause gaskets to loose their shape & sealant properties. In an event your watch is damaged, we can offer you our watch repair services for a fee. Please note that application of custom accessories will void the watch manufacturer’s original warranty & precludes factory service or selling watch as original. Jewelplus.com is an independent manufacturer and is not affiliated with any watch company or distributor.
Warranty on “Servicing/Repairing” Your Watch
One year warranty on the “movement only” provided that the watch has not experienced impact and/or has not been tampered with from the time it left our facility (this will be examined & determined by our watch craftsman).
D&D Jewelry Walnut Creek CA