http://www.jennierayment.com/content/privacy-policy
Skip to main content
Main menuHome
About Jennie
Jennie's gallery
Student gallery
Sewing Retreats
Teaching Schedule
PDF collection
Privacy Policy
Video
Shop products & classes
Zoom Classes
Navigation
WORKSHOPS
LECTURES
Creative Sewing Weekends
Shopping cart
ZOOM CLASSES
Zoom classes
Wenjen Zoom Classes
Full videos available. Watch at leisure!
-----------------------------------
Blazing Star
3 hour Sew-along Zoom Class
with Jennie Rayment
Wed 16th Dec 10 - 1.00pm (UK time)
Crazy Patchwork Cushion Cover with Piping
3 hour Sew-along Zoom Class
with Wendy Gardiner
Wed 16th  1.30 - 4.30pm (UK time)
TV Demonstrations
Sun Jan 3rd 2021 7.00am & 11.00am
Hochanda:
Blind Hem or Applique Stitch
CLICK HERE For details about these stitches
P A T - Portable Appliance Testing
Click for details of what happens when P. A. Testing is done
Jennie's use only
Username *
Password *
Request new password
CAPTCHAThis question is for testing whether or not you are a human visitor and to prevent automated spam submissions.
Math question *
2 + 5 =
Solve this simple math problem and enter the result. E.g. for 1+3, enter 4.
You are hereHome
Privacy Policy
Privacy Policy
Jennie Rayment and J R Publications do not disclose buyers' information to third parties other than when order details are processed as part of the order fulfilment. In this case, the third party will not disclose any of the details to any other third party. Your personal details (name, address, email address etc.) are used for no purpose except fulfilling your order and contacting you if you wish to be on the mailing list. You will not receive unsolicited mail.
Privacy & Security
Jennie Rayment and J R Publications is the data controller in the use of your personal data and takes your privacy and security rights very seriously.
1. When you place an order, I might need to know your name and other information such as your postal address, email address, telephone number, your credit card and bank account details.
2. In order to optimise our services I may use the information you provide me for the provision of products and services through a newsletter only.
3. I may also wish to provide you with information about my services and products which I think may be of interest to you. I may provide this information by email.
4. I might share your information with our agents and distributors, and certain service providers to assist with our administration and delivery.
5. You must be at least eighteen years old to register online or purchase our goods or services. Jennie Rayment and J R Publications does not knowingly collect information from children under the age of eighteen.
6. I keep information only for as long as I need it to provide you services, manage our business or as required by law or contract.
Your Consent
1. By submitting your information to me you give your consent to the use of that information as set out in this Privacy Policy. If I change our Privacy Policy I will update the changes on my website so that you may be aware of the information I collect and how I use it.
2. Continued use of this website will confirm that you agree to any such changes.
Updating Your Details And Marketing Preferences
1. If you want  me to update your details or marketing preferences please contact me.
Jennie Rayment and J R Publications5 Queen Street
Emsworth
Hampshire
PO10 7BJ
UK
Email: jenrayment@aol.com
Jennie's Address
Contact Jennie:
Walnut Cottage
21 Ernest Close
Emsworth,
Hampshire
PO10 7NW UK
Phone +  44 (0) 1243 374860
jenrayment1952@gmail.com
Shopping cart
Your shopping cart is empty.
Emsworth Classes 2019
Sampler Quilt Workshop
May happen sometime!
Jennie's Work - double click on image for larger view
Starry Lights
Christmas Crackers
Multiple Hexagonal Happening!
Fan-tastic
Fans & Decorous Daisies
More...