http://www.magickitchen.com/privacy-policy.html
Toll-free1-877-516-2442
info@magickitchen.com
International1-816-492-3220
Toll-free1-877-516-2442
www.magickitchen.com
info@magickitchen.com
Toggle navigation
Policy
Terms & Conditions
Privacy Policy
Security
Privacy Policy
At all times MagicKitchen.com will keep any personal contact information provided to us through
our website, via telephone or by fax confidential. We do not under
any circumstances share the information of our customers with any
other companies, other than our business partners that work with MagicKitchen.com to assist us to
provide you with our products and services, such as shipping companies,
etc. We also DO NOT store your credit card number or other
information on our servers.  The credit card information is forwarded in
an encrypted format to our credit card processor at the time of your order.
After the order is complete, the information provided is no longer available on
our servers.  In order to assist you when inquires are placed by you about a
particular transaction, we do store only the last 4 digits of the card number
and the type of card used (visa/mc/amex).
We do use cookies and other
technology to keep track of your transactions with MagicKitchen.com.  The
information provided to us will be used only by MagicKitchen.com to provide the
requested products and/or services. We may use this information to personalize
our website and how we communicate with you. We also use the information you
provide us to help enforce our terms and conditions, to prevent fraud, and to
keep our website safe.
When you purchase, you will be automatically subscribed to our marketing emails. All emails contain an unsubscribe button at the bottom of the email, or you can email us at any time asking us to unsubscribe you.
If you have any questions on our privacy policy:
Feel free to contact us directly: Toll Free 1-877-516-2442.
Currency of Transactions
Since our services are provided from our location
in the United States, all transactions will be processed in US dollars.