http://www.simplywhispers.com/pages/privacy-policy
Home
PLEASE READ THIS PRIVACY POLICY CAREFULLY BEFORE USING OUR WEBSITE
The website, located at www.simplywhispers.com, is provided to you by Simply Whispers, Inc. (“we”, “us” or “our”). This privacy policy (“Privacy Policy”) explains how we collect, use and disclose information about you in connection with your access to and use of the website. Please read this Privacy Policy carefully to understand our practices regarding your personal information and how it will be treated.
INFORMATION WE MAY COLLECT FROM YOU AND HOW WE USE IT
We may collect and process the following data about you:
Submitted Information
We may collect information that you provide to us when you: (i) register for a user account on the website; (ii) report a problem with the website; (iii) sign up for email updates from Simply Whispers and our partners; (iv) purchase products or services through the website, or (v) enter a contest, sweepstakes or promotion on the website. This kind of information may include your name and email address, or other contact details such as your home address, telephone number, and biographical information. It may also include financial information such as your payment card details and transaction details about products or services you have purchased from us. We use this information to enable you to have a user account on the website, to personalize and improve the website and provide content and features that may be of interest to you, facilitate the purchase of products and provision of services through the website, and to provide a good level of customer service.
Additional information
If you contact us with a complaint or query about the website, we may keep a record of that correspondence to ensure we provide a good customer service. We may also ask you to complete surveys about our products and services that we use for research purposes, although you do not have to respond to them.
Device information
We may collect information about the computer or device you use to access the website, including, where available, the device's unique device identifiers and information about the operating system, for system administration purposes. We may associate this kind of device information with the Submitted Information and Additional Information referred to in the sections above and will treat the combined information as personal information in accordance with this Privacy Policy for as long as it is combined.
Log Information
When you use the website, we may also automatically collect and store certain information in our server logs to get a better understanding of how you use the website, for system administration purposes, and to ensure we provide a good user experience and customer service. This type of information includes information about when, how, and what parts of the website you use, viewed and exit pages on the website as well as date or time stamps.
In particular, our server automatically collects data about your server’s internet address when you visit us. This information, known as an ‘Internet Protocol’ address, or IP address, is a number that is automatically assigned to your computer by your internet service provider whenever you are on the internet. When you request pages from our website, our servers may log your IP address and sometimes your domain name. Our server may also record the referring page that linked you to us (e.g. another website or a search engine); the pages you visit on our website; the website you visit after you visit our website; the ads you see and/or click on; other information about the type of web browser, related software and settings you are using; any search terms you have entered on the website or a referral site; and other web usage activity and data logged by our web servers. We use this information for internal system administration, to help diagnose problems with our server and to administer the website. Such information may also be used to gather broad demographic information, such as country of origin. Any or all of activities with regard to our website usage information may be performed on our behalf by our services providers.
Security and Fraud Prevention
We may use your personal information to ensure the security of your use of the website, your user account and our business, and for the purposes of preventing or detecting fraud or abuses of our services.
PURPOSES OF PROCESSING YOUR PERSONAL INFORMATION
We process your personal information in order to operate, maintain and provide you with the features and various functionalities of the website (including any additional functionalities you may have requested), such as administering your online account, facilitating your purchase of products or services on our website, and communicating with you about the status of your order. We also process your personal information to provide customer service and support. We will indicate where the provision of certain information is voluntary, and you will be able to withdraw your consent or exercise your rights in relation to this information at any time as described in this Privacy Policy.
The legal basis for us processing your personal information as described above will typically be one of the following:
because it is necessary to fulfil a contract that we have in place with you;
for our or our third parties’ legitimate business interests;
your consent; or
where the processing is necessary for compliance with our legal obligations.
COOKIES AND SIMILAR TECHNOLOGIES
The website uses cookies and technologies which are similar to cookies. A cookie is a small file of letters and numbers that we, or our advertising partners or service providers, may set on your device. This allows us to distinguish you from other users of the website, which helps us to provide you with a good experience when you use the website and also to improve the services provided through it.
You can set your browser to refuse all or some browser cookies or to alert you when websites set or access cookies. If you disable or refuse cookies, please note that some parts of this website may become inaccessible or not function properly. For more information about the cookies we use, please see our Cookie Policy.
WHERE WE STORE YOUR PERSONAL INFORMATION
We take steps to ensure that the personal information that you provide is retained for only as long as it is necessary for the purpose for which it was collected and for satisfying any additional legal, accounting, or reporting requirements, as well as for maintaining technical backups. We apply criteria to determine the appropriate retention period for different categories of personal information you provide us with. For example, we will keep information necessary to protect us in a legal claim, such as information relating to a contract, for the lifetime of the contract and up to seven years after. After this period, it will be deleted or in some cases anonymized. Where we have collected the personal information based on your consent and we have no other lawful basis to continue with that processing, if you subsequently withdraw your consent then you may request that we delete your personal information. In that case, we will either delete your information or provide you with an explanation of why we have not done so.
The information that we collect may be transferred to and stored at, a destination outside the country in which it is collected, which may have less strict, or no data protection laws, when compared to those in your country. The United States is one country where the information collected may be processed and stored. Information may also be processed by staff operating outside the country in which it is collected who work for us or for one of our suppliers, for example in the provision of support services. By submitting your personal information, you consent to this transfer, disclosure, storing or processing of your personal information.
Whenever we transfer your information outside of the country in which it is collected, we will take steps reasonably necessary to ensure that appropriate safeguards are in place to protect your personal information and to make sure it is treated securely and in accordance with this Privacy Policy. If you are located in the EEA or Canada, you may contact us for a copy of the safeguards which we have put in place to protect your personal information and privacy rights in these circumstances.
SECURITY AND PASSWORDS
You must keep your password and any other authentication information confidential. You must not disclose it to anyone else. If you know or suspect that anyone other than you knows your password or any other authentication information, you must promptly notify us using the contact details below.
Unfortunately, the transmission of information via the internet is not completely secure and as a result, we cannot guarantee the security of your information transmitted via the website; any transmission is at your own risk.
DISCLOSURE OF YOUR INFORMATION
We may disclose your personal information to any member of our group of companies, which means our subsidiaries, our ultimate holding company and its subsidiaries. All of those organizations will process your personal information only as described in the Privacy Policy or where permitted by law or your consent.
We may disclose your personal information to third parties: (a) in the event that we sell any business or assets, in which case we may disclose your personal information to the prospective and actual buyer of such business or assets; and (b) if we or substantially all of our assets are acquired by a third party, in which case personal information held by us about our users will be one of the transferred assets. This includes sales in bankruptcy or liquidation where the business is not continuing as a going concern. Where we sell only a part of our business, we may transfer your personal information to the buyer while retaining it to use and disclose for the purposes set out in this Privacy Policy. In addition, we may disclose personal information to a third party, including government agencies and law enforcement, if we reasonably believe we are under a duty to disclose or share your personal information in order to comply with any legal or regulatory obligation or request.
We also disclose your personal information: (a) if we believe your actions are inconsistent with our user agreements or policies, including our Terms of Service or Terms of Sale, and to investigate potential breaches; and (b) to protect the rights, property or safety of us, our users, or others.
We may share your information with our service providers and vendors who help us to operate the website and deliver our products and services, for example, website or database hosting companies, payment processors, address list hosting companies, e-mail service providers, analytics companies, distribution companies, fulfilment companies, marketing and promotional companies and other similar service providers. Such parties may process information about you on our behalf to assist, for example, with the distribution of marketing materials and the provision of support services.
We also share personal information with third parties who help us detect and prevent fraudulent transactions and verify credit references. The information we share with those third parties may include information that you share with us (such as your contact details, payment details, and information about your order) as well as device and log information as detailed above.
We take steps to only share with third parties the personal information necessary for them to provide their contracted services. We take steps to prohibit third parties from using or disclosing personal information for purposes other than to carry out their contracted services, and to require that they apply reasonable privacy safeguards when storing and processing personal information.
We may also share with any party aggregated or de-identified information, which cannot reasonably be used to identify you. For example, we may disclose to our third-party partners aggregate, anonymous data regarding user behavior as a measure of interest in and use of our website. Such data may include overall patterns or demographic reports from which an individual cannot be identified. Please note that there is always a risk de-identified data can be re-identified.
SOCIAL SHARING FEATURES
The website may offer social sharing features and other integrated tools (such as the Facebook "Like" button), which let you share actions you take on our website with other media, and vice versa.   Your use of such features enables the sharing of information with your friends or the public, depending on the settings you establish with the entity that provides the social sharing feature. For more information about the purpose and scope of data collection and processing in connection with social sharing features, please visit the privacy policies of the entities that provide these features.
ADVERTISING AND ANALYTICS SERVICES PROVIDED BY OTHERS
We may allow others to provide analytics services and serve advertisements on our behalf across the internet and in applications.  These entities may use cookies, web beacons, device identifiers and other technologies to collect information about your use of the website and other websites and applications, including your IP address, web browser, mobile network information, pages viewed, time spent on pages or in apps, links clicked and conversion information.  This information may be used by us and others to, among other things, analyze and track data, determine the popularity of certain content, deliver advertising and content targeted to your interests on the website and other websites and better understand your online activity.  For more information about interest-based ads, or to opt out of having your web browsing information used for behavioral advertising purposes, please visit www.aboutads.info/choices.
MARKETING
We may use your identity, contact, technical, usage and profile data to form a view on what products, services and offers may be relevant for you. You may receive marketing communications from us if you have requested information from us or purchased goods from us and you have not opted out of receiving that marketing. We will get your express opt-in consent before we share your personal data with any company outside of our group of companies for marketing purposes. You can ask us to stop sending you marketing messages or to stop sharing your personal data with third parties for marketing purposes at any time by following the opt-out links on any marketing message sent to you, or by contacting us at any time. If you opt out of receiving marketing communications, we may still contact you about service-related issues such as where we make any changes to the website, the Terms of Service,Terms of Sale or this Privacy Policy.
YOUR ACCOUNT AND DATA PROTECTION RIGHTS
You may update, correct or delete some of the information we collect about you at any time by logging into your online account. You may also request to obtain a copy of your personal information in our control or update or delete it by emailing us at the email address below.  We will consider your request and either comply or provide you with our reasons for not complying. If you wish to delete your account, please email us at the email address listed below, but note that we may retain certain information as required by law or for legitimate business purposes (including as described in section 4 above). We may also retain cached or archived copies of information about you for a certain period of time.
For website visitors located in the European Union, applicable data protection legislation provides certain rights in relation to your personal information. These include: the right to object to and / or withdraw consent to the processing of your personal information, the right to access to your personal information, and the ability to erase, restrict or receive a machine-readable copy of your personal information. We will handle any request to exercise your rights in accordance with applicable law. If you wish to exercise any of these rights please refer to the “Contact Us” section of this Privacy Policy. You may also have the right to complain to a data protection authority if you think we have processed your personal information in a manner which is unlawful or breaches your rights. For the purposes of EU data protection law, the data controller in respect of your personal information is Simply Whispers, Inc.
CHANGES TO PRIVACY POLICY
We may change this Privacy Policy from time to time. If we make changes, we will notify you by revising the date at the bottom of this policy and, in some cases, we may provide you with additional notice (such as adding a statement to our website homepage or sending you a notification). We encourage you to review the Privacy Policy when you access the website to stay informed about our information practices and the choices available to you.
CONTACT US
Questions, complaints and comments regarding this Privacy Policy and our processes should be sent to: custserv@simplywhispers.com
Registered company name: Simply Whispers, Inc.
Registered address: 50 Perry Avenue, Attleboro, MA 02703
This Privacy Policy was last updated on September 2, 2019.
Whatever you do, do it exceptionally.
Join our Simply Whispers Family and enjoy in discounts, special offers, and other surprises we have prepared just for you.
Start typing and press Enter to search
Simply Whispers
Added to cart successfully!
View Cart
Checkout