http://www.vincipro.com/terms-of-use/
Free Shipping on All Purchases. retail orders only. Order Custom Gloves Before 12/3/20 for Delivery by 12/24/20.
Home / Terms of Use
OVERVIEW
This website is operated by Vinci. Throughout the site, the terms “we”,
“us” and “our” refer to Vinci. Vinci offers this website, including all
information, tools and services available from this site to you, the
user, conditioned upon your acceptance of all terms, conditions,
policies and notices stated here.
By visiting our site and/ or purchasing something from us, you engage in
our “Service” and agree to be bound by the following terms and
conditions (“Terms of Service”, “Terms”), including those additional
terms and conditions and policies referenced herein and/or available by
hyperlink. These Terms of Service apply  to all users of the site,
including without limitation users who are browsers, vendors, customers,
merchants, and/ or contributors of content.
Please read these Terms of Service carefully before accessing or using
our website. By accessing or using any part of the site, you agree to be
bound by these Terms of Service. If you do not agree to all the terms
and conditions of this agreement, then you may not access the website or
use any services. If these Terms of Service are considered an offer,
acceptance is expressly limited to these Terms of Service.
Any new features or tools which are added to the current store shall
also be subject to the Terms of Service. You can review the most current
version of the Terms of Service at any time on this page. We reserve
the right to update, change or replace any part of these Terms of
Service by posting updates and/or changes to our website. It is your
responsibility to check this page periodically for changes. Your
continued use of or access to the website following the posting of any
changes constitutes acceptance of those changes.
SECTION 1 – ONLINE STORE TERMS
By agreeing to these Terms of Service, you represent that you are at
least the age of majority in your state or province of residence, or
that you are the age of majority in your state or province of residence
and you have given us your consent to allow any of your minor dependents
to use this site.
You may not use our products for any illegal or unauthorized purpose nor
may you, in the use of the Service, violate any laws in your
jurisdiction (including but not limited to copyright laws).
You must not transmit any worms or viruses or any code of a destructive nature.
A breach or violation of any of the Terms will result in an immediate termination of your Services.
SECTION 2 – GENERAL CONDITIONS
We reserve the right to refuse service to anyone for any reason at any time.
You understand that your content (not including credit card
information), may be transferred unencrypted and involve (a)
transmissions over various networks; and (b) changes to conform and
adapt to technical requirements of connecting networks or devices.
Credit card information is always encrypted during transfer over
networks.
You agree not to reproduce, duplicate, copy, sell, resell or exploit any
portion of the Service, use of the Service, or access to the Service or
any contact on the website through which the service is provided,
without express written permission by us.
The headings used in this agreement are included for convenience only and will not limit or otherwise affect these Terms.
SECTION 3 – ACCURACY, COMPLETENESS AND TIMELINESS OF INFORMATION
We are not responsible if information made available on this site is not
accurate, complete or current. The material on this site is provided
for general information only and should not be relied upon or used as
the sole basis for making decisions without consulting primary, more
accurate, more complete or more timely sources of information. Any
reliance on the material on this site is at your own risk.
This site may contain certain historical information. Historical
information, necessarily, is not current and is provided for your
reference only. We reserve the right to modify the contents of this site
at any time, but we have no obligation to update any information on our
site. You agree that it is your responsibility to monitor changes to
our site.
SECTION 4 – MODIFICATIONS TO THE SERVICE AND PRICES
Prices for our products are subject to change without notice.
We reserve the right at any time to modify or discontinue the Service
(or any part or content thereof) without notice at any time.
We shall not be liable to you or to any third-party for any
modification, price change, suspension or discontinuance of the Service.
SECTION 5 – PRODUCTS OR SERVICES
Certain products or services may be available exclusively online through
the website. These products or services may have limited quantities and
are subject to return or exchange only according to our Return Policy.
We have made every effort to display as accurately as possible the
colors and images of our products that appear at the store. We cannot
guarantee that your computer monitor’s display of any color will be
accurate.
We reserve the right, but are not obligated, to limit the sales of our
products or Services to any person, geographic region or jurisdiction.
We may exercise this right on a case-by-case basis. We reserve the right
to limit the quantities of any products or services that we offer. All
descriptions of products or product pricing are subject to change at
anytime without notice, at the sole discretion of us. We reserve the
right to discontinue any product at any time. Any offer for any product
or service made on this site is void where prohibited.
We do not warrant that the quality of any products, services,
information, or other material purchased or obtained by you will meet
your expectations, or that any errors in the Service will be corrected.
SECTION 6 – ACCURACY OF BILLING AND ACCOUNT INFORMATION
We reserve the right to refuse any order you place with us. We may, in
our sole discretion, limit or cancel quantities purchased per person,
per household or per order. These restrictions may include orders placed
by or under the same customer account, the same credit card, and/or
orders that use the same billing and/or shipping address. In the event
that we make a change to or cancel an order, we may attempt to notify
you by contacting the e-mail and/or billing address/phone number
provided at the time the order was made. We reserve the right to limit
or prohibit orders that, in our sole judgment, appear to be placed by
dealers, resellers or distributors.
You agree to provide current, complete and accurate purchase and account
information for all purchases made at our store. You agree to promptly
update your account and other information, including your email address
and credit card numbers and expiration dates, so that we can complete
your transactions and contact you as needed.
For more detail, please review our Returns Policy.
SECTION 7 – OPTIONAL TOOLS
We may provide you with access to third-party tools over which we neither monitor nor have any control nor input.
You acknowledge and agree that we provide access to such tools ”as is”
and “as available” without any warranties, representations or conditions
of any kind and without any endorsement. We shall have no liability
whatsoever arising from or relating to your use of optional third-party
tools.
Any use by you of optional tools offered through the site is entirely at
your own risk and discretion and you should ensure that you are
familiar with and approve of the terms on which tools are provided by
the relevant third-party provider(s).
We may also, in the future, offer new services and/or features through
the website (including, the release of new tools and resources). Such
new features and/or services shall also be subject to these Terms of
Service.
SECTION 8 – THIRD-PARTY LINKS
Certain content, products and services available via our Service may include materials from third-parties.
Third-party links on this site may direct you to third-party websites
that are not affiliated with us. We are not responsible for examining or
evaluating the content or accuracy and we do not warrant and will not
have any liability or responsibility for any third-party materials or
websites, or for any other materials, products, or services of
third-parties.
We are not liable for any harm or damages related to the purchase or use
of goods, services, resources, content, or any other transactions made
in connection with any third-party websites. Please review carefully the
third-party’s policies and practices and make sure you understand them
before you engage in any transaction. Complaints, claims, concerns, or
questions regarding third-party products should be directed to the
third-party.
SECTION 9 – USER COMMENTS, FEEDBACK AND OTHER SUBMISSIONS
If, at our request, you send certain specific submissions (for example
contest entries) or without a request from us you send creative ideas,
suggestions, proposals, plans, or other materials, whether online, by
email, by postal mail, or otherwise (collectively, ‘comments’), you
agree that we may, at any time, without restriction, edit, copy,
publish, distribute, translate and otherwise use in any medium any
comments that you forward to us. We are and shall be under no obligation
(1) to maintain any comments in confidence; (2) to pay compensation for
any comments; or (3) to respond to any comments.
We may, but have no obligation to, monitor, edit or remove content that
we determine in our sole discretion are unlawful, offensive,
threatening, libelous, defamatory, pornographic, obscene or otherwise
objectionable or violates any party’s intellectual property or these
Terms of Service.
You agree that your comments will not violate any right of any
third-party, including copyright, trademark, privacy, personality or
other personal or proprietary right. You further agree that your
comments will not contain libelous or otherwise unlawful, abusive or
obscene material, or contain any computer virus or other malware that
could in any way affect the operation of the Service or any related
website. You may not use a false e-mail address, pretend to be someone
other than yourself, or otherwise mislead us or third-parties as to the
origin of any comments. You are solely responsible for any comments you
make and their accuracy. We take no responsibility and assume no
liability for any comments posted by you or any third-party.
SECTION 10 – PERSONAL INFORMATION
Your submission of personal information through the store is governed by our Privacy Policy.
SECTION 11 – ERRORS, INACCURACIES AND OMISSIONS
Occasionally there may be information on our site or in the Service that
contains typographical errors, inaccuracies or omissions that may
relate to product descriptions, pricing, promotions, offers, product
shipping charges, transit times and availability. We reserve the right
to correct any errors, inaccuracies or omissions, and to change or
update information or cancel orders if any information in the Service or
on any related website is inaccurate at any time without prior notice
(including after you have submitted your order).
We undertake no obligation to update, amend or clarify information in
the Service or on any related website, including without limitation,
pricing information, except as required by law. No specified update or
refresh date applied in the Service or on any related website, should be
taken to indicate that all information in the Service or on any related
website has been modified or updated.
SECTION 12 – PROHIBITED USES
In addition to other prohibitions as set forth in the Terms of Service,
you are prohibited from using the site or its content: (a) for any
unlawful purpose; (b) to solicit others to perform or participate in any
unlawful acts; (c) to violate any international, federal, provincial or
state regulations, rules, laws, or local ordinances; (d) to infringe
upon or violate our intellectual property rights or the intellectual
property rights of others; (e) to harass, abuse, insult, harm, defame,
slander, disparage, intimidate, or discriminate based on gender, sexual
orientation, religion, ethnicity, race, age, national origin, or
disability; (f) to submit false or misleading information; (g) to upload
or transmit viruses or any other type of malicious code that will or
may be used in any way that will affect the functionality or operation
of the Service or of any related website, other websites, or the
Internet; (h) to collect or track the personal information of others;
(i) to spam, phish, pharm, pretext, spider, crawl, or scrape; (j) for
any obscene or immoral purpose; or (k) to interfere with or circumvent
the security features of the Service or any related website, other
websites, or the Internet. We reserve the right to terminate your use of
the Service or any related website for violating any of the prohibited
uses.
SECTION 13 – DISCLAIMER OF WARRANTIES; LIMITATION OF LIABILITY
We do not guarantee, represent or warrant that your use of our service will be uninterrupted, timely, secure or error-free.
We do not warrant that the results that may be obtained from the use of the service will be accurate or reliable.
You agree that from time to time we may remove the service for
indefinite periods of time or cancel the service at any time, without
notice to you.
You expressly agree that your use of, or inability to use, the service
is at your sole risk. The service and all products and services
delivered to you through the service are (except as expressly stated by
us) provided ‘as is’ and ‘as available’ for your use, without any
representation, warranties or conditions of any kind, either express or
implied, including all implied warranties or conditions of
merchantability, merchantable quality, fitness for a particular purpose,
durability, title, and non-infringement.
In no case shall Vinci, our directors, officers, employees, affiliates,
agents, contractors, interns, suppliers, service providers or licensors
be liable for any injury, loss, claim, or any direct, indirect,
incidental, punitive, special, or consequential damages of any kind,
including, without limitation lost profits, lost revenue, lost savings,
loss of data, replacement costs, or any similar damages, whether based
in contract, tort (including negligence), strict liability or otherwise,
arising from your use of any of the service or any products procured
using the service, or for any other claim related in any way to your use
of the service or any product, including, but not limited to, any
errors or omissions in any content, or any loss or damage of any kind
incurred as a result of the use of the service or any content (or
product) posted, transmitted, or otherwise made available via the
service, even if advised of their possibility. Because some states or
jurisdictions do not allow the exclusion or the limitation of liability
for consequential or incidental damages, in such states or
jurisdictions, our liability shall be limited to the maximum extent
permitted by law.
SECTION 14 – INDEMNIFICATION
You agree to indemnify, defend and hold harmless Vinci and our parent,
subsidiaries, affiliates, partners, officers, directors, agents,
contractors, licensors, service providers, subcontractors, suppliers,
interns and employees, harmless from any claim or demand, including
reasonable attorneys’ fees, made by any third-party due to or arising
out of your breach of these Terms of Service or the documents they
incorporate by reference, or your violation of any law or the rights of a
third-party.
SECTION 15 – SEVERABILITY
In the event that any provision of these Terms of Service is determined
to be unlawful, void or unenforceable, such provision shall nonetheless
be enforceable to the fullest extent permitted by applicable law, and
the unenforceable portion shall be deemed to be severed from these Terms
of Service, such determination shall not affect the validity and
enforceability of any other remaining provisions.
SECTION 16 – TERMINATION
The obligations and liabilities of the parties incurred prior to the
termination date shall survive the termination of this agreement for all
purposes.
These Terms of Service are effective unless and until terminated by
either you or us. You may terminate these Terms of Service at any time
by notifying us that you no longer wish to use our Services, or when you
cease using our site.
If in our sole judgment you fail, or we suspect that you have failed, to
comply with any term or provision of these Terms of Service, we also
may terminate this agreement at any time without notice and you will
remain liable for all amounts due up to and including the date of
termination; and/or accordingly may deny you access to our Services (or
any part thereof).
SECTION 17 – ENTIRE AGREEMENT
The failure of us to exercise or enforce any right or provision of these
Terms of Service shall not constitute a waiver of such right or
provision.
These Terms of Service and any policies or operating rules posted by us
on this site or in respect to The Service constitutes the entire
agreement and understanding between you and us and govern your use of
the Service, superseding any prior or contemporaneous agreements,
communications and proposals, whether oral or written, between you and
us (including, but not limited to, any prior versions of the Terms of
Service).
Any ambiguities in the interpretation of these Terms of Service shall not be construed against the drafting party.
SECTION 18 – GOVERNING LAW
These Terms of Service and any separate agreements whereby we provide
you Services shall be governed by and construed in accordance with the
laws of the State of VA, USA.
SECTION 19 – CHANGES TO TERMS OF SERVICE
You can review the most current version of the Terms of Service at any time at this page.
We reserve the right, at our sole discretion, to update, change or
replace any part of these Terms of Service by posting updates and
changes to our website. It is your responsibility to check our website
periodically for changes. Your continued use of or access to our website
or the Service following the posting of any changes to these Terms of
Service constitutes acceptance of those changes.
SECTION 20 – CONTACT INFORMATION
Questions about the Terms of Service should be sent to us at contact@vincipro.com.
REFUND POLICY
Returns
Our policy lasts 30 days. If 30 days have gone by since your purchase, unfortunately we can’t offer you a refund or exchange.
To be eligible for a return, your item must be unused and in the same
condition that you received it. It must also be in the original
packaging.
Additional non-returnable items: Gift cards
To complete your return, we require a receipt or proof of purchase.
There are certain situations where only partial refunds are granted: Any
item not in its original condition, is damaged or missing parts for
reasons not due to our error.
Any item that is returned more than 30 days after delivery
Refunds
Once your return is received and inspected, we will send you an email to
notify you that we have received your returned item. We will also
notify you of the approval or rejection of your refund.
If you are approved, then your refund will be processed, and a credit
will automatically be applied to your credit card or original method of
payment, within a certain amount of days.
Late or missing refunds
If you haven’t received a refund yet, first check your bank account again. Then contact your credit card company, it may take some time before your refund is officially posted.
Next contact your bank. There is often some processing time before a refund is posted.
If you’ve done all of this and you still have not received your refund yet, please contact us at contact@vincipro.com.
Sale items
Only regular priced items may be refunded, unfortunately sale items cannot be refunded.
Exchanges
We only replace items if they are defective or damaged.  If you need to
exchange it for the same item, send us an email at contact@vincipro.com
and send your item to: 2715-A Enterprise Parkway Richmond VA USA 23294.
Gifts
If the item was marked as a gift when purchased and shipped directly to
you, you’ll receive a gift credit for the value of your return. Once the
returned item is received, a gift certificate will be mailed to you.
If the item wasn’t marked as a gift when purchased, or the gift giver
had the order shipped to themselves to give to you later, we will send a
refund to the gift giver and he will find out about your return.
Shipping
To return your product, you should mail your product to: 2715-A Enterprise Parkway Richmond VA USA 23294.
You will be responsible for paying for your own shipping costs for
returning your item. Shipping costs are non-refundable. If you receive a
refund, the cost of return shipping will be deducted from your refund.
Depending on where you live, the time it may take for your exchanged product to reach you, may vary.
If you are shipping an item over $75, you should consider using a
trackable shipping service or purchasing shipping insurance. We don’t
guarantee that we will receive your returned item.
Terms of Sale – Custom Products
1. Custom Product Orders Can’t be Cancelled or Returned
Each custom product is made specifically to your specifications and
as a result, your orders can’t be modified, cancelled or returned.
On the order review page, you will have a chance to review your
design choices and make changes before you purchase. This is very
important because a customized product cannot be returned and your
purchase is non-refundable. PLEASE MAKE SURE ALL INFORMATION IS CORRECT
before you proceed to purchase.
If you want to make a correction or just change things up, you must do so before purchase. A custom product cannot be returned.
2. Returns
Your custom product is made to order just for you and we cannot
accept returns. The exception is if the product was made incorrectly.
Please contact customer service at 888-529-6864 for information
regarding a defective product.
3. Custom Product Personalization Guidelines
Custom gloves typically take 4-6 weeks for delivery. Occasionally
circumstances may delay glove orders to take longer for delivery.
We reserve the right to refuse any requested personalization in regards to any of the following:
Your customization text cannot contain any profanity, which
includes offensive language, slogans or acronyms deemed inappropriate,
derogatory, or profane.
By ordering you state your understanding and agreement that the
personalization text entered is accurate and does not contain any
restricted text, and that you own all rights, titles, and interest in
any images or logos uploaded. Custom Products will go through an
extensive quality control process. If any custom order has restricted
language or names, the order will not be processed.
4. ADD TO CART
You’ve double checked all of your customizations and
personalizations and you’re now ready to purchase. To begin, click the
“Add to Cart” button from the Review and Buy screen. You will be
directed to the cart where you will enter your personal details, payment
option, billing and shipping information. Once your payment is
accepted, your order will be sent to our factory where we’ll start
building your custom creation! Colors on screen may not be precisely as
pictured. Monitor color, dying process might look slightly different.
What if I have special requests for my glove?
If you wish to have extra something on your glove, or any special request, please consult us via e-mail (Orders@Vincipro.com). We are more than happy to accommodate your requests to make your one and only glove.
Please be advised that additional charges may apply if necessary.
Updated June 16, 2018
Leave a Reply Cancel replyYou must be logged in to post a comment.
Recent Posts
Semi Customized Glove Options
Differences Between Baseball Gloves and Softball Gloves
Best Bat Back Pack Money Can Buy
Search for:
CategoriesCategories
Select Category
22 / PC Series
Baseball
Baseball tips
Company News
Custom Vinci Glove
General
Promotion
Semi Customized Gloves
Softball
Uncategorized
Vinci Limited
Vinci Video
Youtube