https://www.nrs.com/cookie-policy.asp
Skip to main content
NRS: Northwest River Supplies
Free standard shipping on us*
menu icon MENUSearch
My Account
| My Cart
AboutLearn
Community
Find a Dealer
877.677.4327|Customer Service
×close menu
MEN
WOMEN
LIFE JACKETS
WW KAYAKING
TOURING
SUP
RAFTING
CAMPING
FISHING
RESCUE
SALE
About UsCustomer Service877.677.4327
Find a DealerLearnCommunityGift Cards
Home >
Customer Service
Cookie Policy
NRS, Inc. wants to make sure that this website looks and works as well as possible but is also is easy for you to use. To help us to do this, our website uses cookies. Cookies help us to understand how you use our website, and how we can improve your experience.
What Are Cookies?
A cookie is a piece of information in the form of a very small text file that is placed on an internet user’s hard drive. It is generated by a web page server, which is basically the computer that operates a web site. The information the cookie contains is set by the server and it can be used by that server whenever the user visits the site.
How We Use Cookies
The cookies we use allow us to distinguish you from other users of our website. We are required by law to provide you with clear and comprehensive information about the cookies that we use. If this page does not answer all of your queries, you should contact us.
Our cookies do not store information which could be used to identify you personally, such as your contact details.
We use the following cookies:
Strictly Necessary Cookies
These cookies are necessary for the website to function and cannot be switched off in our systems. You can set your browser to block or alert you about these cookies, but some parts of the site will not function as expected.
Analytics Cookies
These cookies allow us to count visits and traffic sources so we can measure and improve the performance of our site. They help us know which pages are the most and least popular and see how visitors move around the site. All information these cookies collect is aggregated and therefore anonymous.
Google Analytics - Website Analytics
Listrak - Email Analytics
Functionality Cookies
These cookies enable the website to provide enhanced functionality such as search and live chat. They may be set by us or by third party providers whose services we have added to our pages. If you do not allow these cookies, then some or all of these functionalities may not function properly.
GroupBy - Site Search
Bold360 - Live Chat
PowerReviews - Product Reviews and Q&A
PayPal - Third Party Payment Method
Marketing Cookies
These cookies may be set through our site by our advertising partners.
AvantLink - Affiliate Marketing
Google AdWords - Keyword Advertisement
Facebook - Facebook Advertisement
How Do I Block Cookies?
If you don't want to receive cookies, you can modify your browser so that it notifies you when cookies are sent to it or you can refuse cookies altogether. You can also delete cookies that have already been set.
If you wish to restrict or block web browser cookies which are set on your device, then you can do this through your browser settings; the Help function within your browser should tell you how. Alternatively, you may wish to visit www.aboutcookies.org, which contains comprehensive information on how to do this on a wide variety of desktop browsers.
Our Privacy Policy can provide you with further details about how we use any personal information you give us, although not all information captured by using cookies will identify you.
We are continually striving to develop improved ways of managing your cookie preferences. As new technologies and solutions emerge, this cookies policy may be updated to reflect any such advances in technology and preference management tools.
More Customer Service Pages
Ordering & Shipping
Payment Information
Sales Tax
Shipping Rates
Shipping Timelines
Oversize and Flammable Items
Backorders
International Orders
Returns
Hassle-Free Returns
Rock Solid Guarantee
NRS Repairs Department
Your Account
Create New Account
Account Log In
Update Your Account
Order History
Warranty Registration
Company
About Us
Jobs @ NRS
Customer Service
Dealer & Wholesale Sales
Catalogs
Catalog Opt Out
International
Privacy and Security
Cookie Policy
Affiliates
COVID-19 & NRS
Sign up for our newsletter:
Sign Up »
Stay up to date on new arrivals, email exclusives, sales and more.
By providing this information, you are opting to receive email communications from nrs.com and agreeing that you have read our privacy & cookie policies.
877.677.4327
Call us; we love to talk.
Send an Email
Drop a line and let us help.
Live Chat
Don’t like to wait? Let’s chat.
Find a Dealer
Locate our retail partners in your area.
Learn Center
How-to articles, helpful videos, checklist and more.
Gift Cards
Buy the gift that’s always welcome and always fits.
Company
About Us
Jobs @ NRS
Duct Tape Diaries Blog
Discount Programs
Catalogs
International
Affiliates
NRS Pro Deals
Customer Service
Contact Us
Shipping
Rock Solid Guarantee
Hassle-Free Returns
Repairs
My Account
Warranty Registration
Used
Visit NRS on Facebook
Visit NRS on Instagram
Visit NRS on YouTube
Visit NRS Films on Vimeo
© NRS
|
All Rights Reserved
|
Privacy & Security
| Cookie Policy