http://www.greenpeople.co.uk/pages/privacy-policy
Skip to content
Skin Care
Hair Care
Make-up
Christmas
Body Care
Baby & Child
Toothpaste
Sun Care
Men
Save 10% when you sign up to our newsletter
Free delivery on uk orders over £25
12 favourites for £12!shop now
Privacy Policy
At Green People we are committed to protecting your privacy.
SECURITY
When you enter the payment process on the Green People website, you are using Shopify payments and embedded forms from a secure server hosted by Paypal. Both methods use sha256RSA encryption technology. This means that sensitive information such as your credit card details cannot be intercepted and seen by anyone except our Payment Providers. Green People never see your card details. We are just informed when your payment has been authorised by your bank.
Your browsing use of the website is also encrypted.
How does Green People collect your personal information?
We may collect your personal information through some of the following ways:
When you register or use greenpeople.co.uk (the "Website").
When you contact Green People by telephone or email.
When you enter any prize draws or competitions run by Green People.
When completing any surveys that we send to you for research purposes (although you are under no obligation to complete these).
When completing any forms for transactional, employment or other purposes.
What sort of personal information will Green People collect about you?
In addition to personal details such as your name, date of birth, address, email and telephone number, Green People may also collect some of the following personal information about you:
Details of transactions you make from Green People (whether via the Website or at our counter at a trade or consumer show).
Details of your shopping preferences, such as your favourite products.
Details of your skin care preferences and interests.
Details of your visits to the Website, and the resources that you access.
Details of when you contact Green People by email, post or telephone. Please note that we may keep a record of that correspondence.
Comments and opinions: such as comments and opinions you share on Green People, when you provide feedback or reviews on our products or site, or when you respond to our surveys, competitions and promotions.
We also collect information about the computer or other electronic devices you use to connect to the site such as details about the type of device (which can include unique device identifying numbers), its operating system, browser and applications connected to the site through the device, your Internet service provider or mobile network, your IP address and your device’s telephone number (if it has one).
Information about your location: Other than information you choose to provide to us, we do not collect information about your precise location. Your device’s IP address may help us determine an approximate location but this will be no more precise than the city, state or country you are using your device in.
Any other information from which we can identify you (or which is available on public registers).
Who else processes information for Green People?
Yotpo (Product review provider based in Israel): Email, personal review and order data processed for Green People’s marketing purposes.
Ometria (Email service provider based in EEA): Email, personal skin care preference data and order data processed for Green People’s marketing purposes.
AdWords (Google advert service): Collection, sharing, and use of personal data for personalized ads for users in the EEA.
Affiliate Window (Affiliate marketing provider): Anonymous order data processed for Green People’s marketing purposes.
Zendesk (Chat software provider based in the USA): Email, name and user device data processed for Green People’s customer service purposes.
Survey Gizmo (Survey provider based in Germany): Email and survey data processed for Green People’s marketing purposes.
Nosto (Conversion Rate Optimisation provider based in the EEA): Revenue data processed for Green People’s marketing purposes.
Google Analytics (Website Analytics): Order data and anonymous browser behaviour processed for Green People’s marketing purposes.
GFS (Courier based in the UK): Name, address, telephone number data for delivery processing. Royal Mail (Courier based in the UK): Name, address, telephone number data for delivery processing.
APC (Courier based in the UK): Name, address, telephone number data for delivery processing. Paypal/Braintree (Payment Provider based in the USA): Credit card, name, address, telephone number and order data for payment processing.
Credit Call (Payment Provider based in the USA): Credit card, name and order revenue data for payment processing.
Shopify Payments (Payment Provider based in the USA): Credit card, name and order revenue data for payment processing.
Paypal (Payment Provider based in the USA): Credit card, name and order revenue data for payment processing.
Twitter (Social Media based in USA): Email data processed for Green People’s marketing purposes.
Facebook (Social Media based in the USA): Email, personal and browsing data processed for Green People’s marketing purposes.
Instagram (Social Media based in the USA): Email, personal and browsing data processed for Green People’s marketing purposes.
What does Green People use your personal information for?
We will treat all your personal information as private and confidential (although we reserve the right to disclose this information in certain circumstances, as set out below).
We confirm that any personal information which you provide to us will be held securely and in accordance with the registration that we have with the Data Commissioner's Office. We will use and process your personal information in accordance with the Data Protection Act 1998 and GDPR, as amended from time to time, as well as any other relevant data protection or privacy legislation. The types of uses we will make of your personal information may include the following:
Process any orders that you make via the Website or at our counter at trade shows (please note that your details may need to be passed to a third party in order for them to supply or deliver the product you ordered and we may retain your details for a reasonable period of time after you have completed the transaction in order to fulfil any contractual obligations such as refunds, guarantees etc).
Process payments and prevent fraudulent transactions (we may retain your details for these purposes for a reasonable period of time and we may pass your details to a third party to carry out these functions).
With your consent, retain your personal information, preferences and details of your transactions in order to keep you informed by email, post, mobile messaging, telephone and/or through other digital means including social media platforms, about products (including special offers, discounts, promotions, events, competitions and so on) offered by Green People, as well as recommending those which we feel will be of particular interest to you. Please note that this may involve passing your details to carefully selected third parties who may inform you about their products or services which may be of interest to you.
Register you on the Website and where this involves setting you up with an account, we will use your personal information to maintain and update your account (e.g. such as a change of address or change in your push notification preferences).
Improve the content and appearance of the Website or App, to ensure that content is presented in the most effective manner for you.
Assess and process your job application (we may retain a record of your information for a reasonable period of time following the end of our recruitment selection process for administration purposes).
Administer any prize draws or competitions run by Green People. Please refer to the specific terms & conditions for each prize draw or competition.
Carry out assessment and analysis (for example market, customer and product analysis) to enable us to review, develop and improve the products or services which we offer.
Cookies and Local Storage: we may store information (which may include personal information) locally on your device using cookies and other browser and application storage methods. For further information please see the Cookie Policy section below.
International Transfers of your Personal Information: the personal information we collect may be transferred to and stored in countries outside of the jurisdiction you are in, including, in particular, outside the European Union. Some of these jurisdictions offer differing levels of protection in respect of personal information and may, in certain instances, be less protective than the jurisdiction you are typically resident in. We will take all reasonable steps to ensure that your personal information is treated securely and in accordance with this privacy policy.
We reserve the right to enforce or apply our terms and conditions and other agreements; or to protect the rights, property, or safety of Green People, our customers or others. This includes exchanging information with other companies and organisations for the purposes of fraud protection and credit risk reduction. As mentioned above, we may also disclose your personal information to carefully-selected and monitored third parties who are engaged to help us run, manage and improve the quality of the products that Green People offer, as well as for marketing and fraud and credit checking purposes. We require all the third parties that we interact with to treat your personal information as carefully and confidentially as we do.
You should be aware that if we are requested by the police or any other regulatory or government authority investigating suspected illegal activities to provide your personal information or any other information we obtain about you, we are entitled do so.
You agree that you do not object to us using your personal information for any of the purposes outlined in this privacy policy and you confirm that you do not and will not consider any of these purposes as a breach of any of your rights under the Privacy and Electronic Communications (EC Directive) Regulations 2003.
In circumstances where you contact us by telephone, calls may be recorded for quality, training and security purposes. Calls may also be monitored without your consent for the following circumstances: to provide evidence of a business transaction; to prevent or detect a crime; to investigate the unauthorised use of a telecom system; to ensure that a business complies with regulatory procedures; to see that quality standards or targets are being met; in the interests of national security; and to secure the effective operation of the telecom system.
We will not keep your personal information processed by us for any purpose or purposes for longer than is necessary for that purpose or for those purposes. Under data protection legislation you have the right to access information held about you. If you chose to exercise this right, then we will provide you with details of the information we hold about you.
How can I unsubscribe?
If at any point you no longer wish us to hold your personal information or you do not wish to receive information from us then there are several ways you can unsubscribe. These are as follows:
You can click onto the "unsubscribe" link in any communication that we send to you by email which will automatically unsubscribe you from that type of communication. Each "unsubscribe" link only relates to that specific type of communication (e.g. marketing communications or order processing communications). This means that unsubscribing from marketing communications will not automatically unsubscribe you from our order processing communications (or vice versa). Please also note that you may continue to receive communications which are already en route to you for a short period of time while your relevant unsubscribe request is being processed.
Alternatively, you can contact our customer services by calling 01403 740 350 (+044 1403 740 350 from overseas), Monday to Friday: 9am-5pm (GMT/BST), via email or by using our online form.
Should you wish for your details to be removed from our CRM system completely, then you will need to contact our customer services using the contact details at the foot of this page.
The Website may, from time to time, contain links to and from the websites of our partner networks, advertisers and affiliates. If you follow a link to any of these websites, please note that these websites have their own privacy policies and Green People does not accept any responsibility or liability for these policies. Please check these policies before you submit any personal details to these websites.
COOKIES
Cookies are text files, containing small amounts of information, which are downloaded to your browsing device (such as a computer or smartphone) when you visit a website. Cookies can be recognised by the website that downloaded them — or other websites that use the same cookies. This helps websites know if the browsing device has visited them before.
What are Cookies used for?
Cookies do lots of different jobs, like helping us understand how our website is being used, letting you navigate between pages efficiently, remembering your preferences, and generally improving your browsing experience. Cookies can also help ensure marketing you see online is relevant to you and your interests.
What types of Cookies are used by Green People?
Strictly Necessary CookiesThese cookies are essential to make our website work. They enable you to move around the site and use its features.
Analytics CookiesThese cookies collect information about how people are using our website, for example which pages are visited the most often, how people are moving from one link to another and if they get error messages from certain pages. All information these cookies collect is grouped together with information from other people’s use of our site on an anonymous basis.
Functionality CookiesThese cookies allow us to remember choices you make and tailor our site to provide enhanced features and content to you. For example, these cookies can be used to remember your user name, language choice or country selection.
Advertising CookiesThese cookies are used to deliver advertisements that are more relevant to you and your interests. They are also used to limit the number of times you see an advertisement as well as help measure the effectiveness of the advertising campaign. They remember that you have visited a website and this information may be shared with other organisations such as advertising partners. This means after you have been to our site you may see some advertisements about our services elsewhere on the Internet.
Social Media CookiesIn order to enhance your internet experience and to make the sharing of content easier, some of the pages on our website may contain tools or applications that are linked to third party social media service providers such as Facebook, Twitter or Instagram. Through these tools or applications the social media service provider may set its own cookies on your device. We do not control these cookies and you should check the social media service provider’s website for further details about how they use cookies.
How can I prevent the use of Cookies?
Your browser may give you the ability to control cookies. How you do so depends on the type of cookie. Certain browsers can be set to reject browser cookies. Blocking or deleting cookies may prevent you from using most of our services. To find out more about how to enable, disable, or delete cookies from your web browser, please visit here.
Some browsers have “do not track” features that allow you to tell a website not to track you. These features are not all uniform. We do not currently respond to those signals. If you block cookies, certain features on our sites may not work. If you block or reject cookies, not all of the tracking described here will stop.
GREENPEOPLE.CO.UK 'SHARE' TOOLS
We know you love to share the great content we have on greenpeople.co.uk. Please be aware that social networking sites, like Facebook, Instagram and Twitter, might send cookies. We don't control the setting of these third-party cookies, so we suggest you check the third-party websites for more information about their cookies and how to manage them. The business partners that may set cookies on greenpeople.co.uk include:
Affiliate Window and Google
Sometimes we'll advertise on third party websites and Affiliate Window cookies are used to help us and our advertisers see which advertisements you click on and interact with. Each individual advertiser uses its own tracking cookies and the data taken is not confidential or interchangeable.
Please check back frequently to see any updates or changes to our privacy and cookies policy.
COMPANY DETAILS
If you wish to contact Green People you may use the following details:
Telephone: 01403 740350
Email: organic@greenpeople.co.uk
Address:
Green People10/11 Pondtail FarmCoolham RoadWest GrinsteadRH13 8LN
For an overview regarding how we use your details, please view our Privacy Notice.
CONNECT with US
Follow the latest natural beauty news and tips from our organic skin care experts
GET 10% OFF
Subscribe to our newsletter to receive your 10% discount and receive all our offers straight to your inbox
Your Bag
Your bag is currently empty!
Original price
Discounted price
Free Gift
Remove
Remove
Subtotal:
Go to Checkout
Continue Shopping