http://www.lindasgourmetcookies.com/privacy.html
Home
About Us
Cookie Reviews
Contact Us
We Value Your Privacy
We Value Your Privacy
Privacy Policy
Your privacy and the privacy of all users of the LINDA'S GOURMET COOKIES Web Site are very important to us. LINDA'S GOURMET COOKIES has adopted the following Privacy Policy in order to demonstrate our firm commitment to the privacy of your personal information. The Policy discloses our information gathering and dissemination practices for our Web Site:
WE WILL NOT USE YOUR INFORMATION FOR ANY PURPOSE THAT YOU HAVE NOT EXPRESSLY AUTHORIZED. YOUR INFORMATION IS NOT SOLD, RENTED, OR SHARED WITH OTHER ORGANIZATIONS FOR COMMERCIAL PURPOSES OR IN WAYS DIFFERENT THAN WHAT IS DISCLOSED IN THIS POLICY.
NOTICE OF INFORMATION COLLECTED AND DISCLOSED
This Policy tells you, among other things, what information we gather from you through our Web Site, how we may use or disclose that information, and our efforts to protect it. In connection with your use of our Web Site, we may collect the following information:
· The domain name, but not the e-mail address of visitors to our Web Site.
· The e-mail addresses of users who communicate with us via e-mail.
· Aggregate information on what pages on our Web Site users access or visit.
· Information volunteered by the user, such as site registration and e-mail update requests.
· Information about your transactions with us or others.
We use the personal identifying information you voluntarily provide to register you as a user of the Web Site, to administer Web Site usage and monitor traffic-levels, and to contact you regarding improvements we can make to our Web Site and our services, if necessary. We also may use IP addresses to analyze trends, administer the Web Site, track user movement, and gather broad demographic information for aggregate use. We may use your e-mail address to contact you directly regarding services, products or information that we believe interest you. From time to time, we may also disclose information to fulfill certain legal and regulatory requirements or if we believe, in good faith, that such disclosure is legally required or necessary to protect others' rights or to prevent harm.
OPTING-OUT
You may choose to restrict our use of your information. If you are a user of our Web Site or services, you may restrict distribution of your information by indicating such restrictions in your email contact with us. On our Web Site, you have the option to remove your name and personal information from any information that will or may be disclosed to a third party. If you receive communications from us that you do not want to receive, you can opt-out from receiving these communications, by specifically telling us to stop sending them to you. You may also “opt-out” entirely from providing personal information to us by not registering on our Web Site. You may also choose at a later date to have your name removed from our database. Please note, certain sections of our Web Site do require registration in order to use these sections and services. If you choose not to register or provide certain information, these sections will not be available for your use. We will not use your information for any purpose other than for those purposes you have authorized and we will not use your information for a purpose that is incompatible with the purpose for which it was originally authorized by you. We will treat as sensitive any information that we receive from a third party where the third party treats and identifies it as sensitive.
ONWARD TRANSFER (TRANSFERS TO THIRD PARTIES)
We will apply the Notice and Opt-out policies discussed above in the event we propose to disclose your information to a third party. If we propose to disclose your information to a third party that is acting as our agent or on our behalf, we will ensure that the third party has agreed to assure adequate protection of your information.
ACCESS
You can access your information by logging into your account on the Web Site. Once there, you can modify, correct, amend or delete your information. Ordinarily, we will not restrict access to your information except in rare cases where we reasonably believe that the rights of persons other than yourself would be violated.
SECURITY
For your security, Account access on our Web Site may be encrypted with Secure Sockets Layer Protocol technology on both the client and server end by selecting the secure server option when prompted to do so. This Web Site takes every reasonable precaution to protect our users' information. When users submit sensitive information via the Web Site, your information is protected both online and off-line. When our order form asks users to enter sensitive information (such as credit card account numbers), that information is encrypted and is protected with the encryption software in the industry - SSL. While on a secure page, for example a Java window displaying your account information, the lock icon on the bottom of Web browsers such as Netscape Navigator and Microsoft Internet Explorer becomes locked, as opposed to un-locked, or open, when you are just "surfing". Please note that e-mail may not be encrypted and cannot be considered a secure means of transmitting sensitive information. LINDA'S GOURMET COOKIES will never ask you to submit your financial data, such as your credit card account numbers, via e-mail. Your account containing your information is password protected. Only those who log on with your password can access your account. We have taken appropriate security measures to protect your personal information from loss, misuse and unauthorized access, disclosure, alteration and destruction. However, please remember that you play a valuable part in security as well. Your password to access your account should never be shared with anyone. After you have finished using the Web Site, you should log off and exit your browser so no unauthorized persons can use our Web Site with your name and account information. Furthermore, if you provide any information to parties who operate web sites that are linked to or from our Web Site, different rules may apply to their collection, use, or disclosure of your personal information. We encourage you to review the privacy policies of such other sites before revealing any sensitive or personal information. Regardless of the precautions taken by you or by us, "perfect security" does not exist on the Internet. We cannot ensure or warrant the ultimate security of any information you transmit.
DATA INTEGRITY
We make every effort to ensure that your information is reliable for the use you intend, and that it is accurate, complete, and current. To assist us in ensuring that your information is relevant on an on-going basis for its intended purposes, we encourage you to update your information on the Web Site as frequently as is necessary. This can be done by entering our Web Site, signing in using your e-mail address and password. After your account information is displayed you can submit your modifications to us. We may periodically send you a notice asking you to visit the Web Site and update your information.
COOKIES
A cookie is a small data file that certain web sites write to your computer's hard drive when you visit those sites. A cookie file can contain information such as a user ID that a web site uses to track the pages you have visited. When you register at the Web Site, LINDA'S GOURMET COOKIES may use a cookie to store a unique, random user ID. We do not store passwords or any personal information about you. We may use this ID to identify you anonymously in our database and to track information while you are on our Web Site. Cookies also enable you to enter the Web Site as a registered user without having to log on each time. You can refuse cookies by turning them off in your browser. You do not need to have cookies turned on to use the Web Site. However, if you turn off cookies, then you may not be able to utilize certain features of the Web Site.
AD SERVERS
We do not partner with or have special relationships with any ad server companies.
CHILDREN'S PRIVACY
LINDA'S GOURMET COOKIES is concerned about the safety of children and their use of the Internet. The Web Site is not directed at children under the age of 13 and does not knowingly collect personal data from children under the age of 13. If we receive actual knowledge that we have received such personal information without the required verifiable parental consent, we will delete the information from our database as soon as we practicably can.
EFFECTIVE DATE AND FUTURE CHANGES
This Privacy Policy is effective as of January, 2005. We may occasionally change this Privacy Policy. If we do, we will post the changes on the Web Site and the changes will take effect as soon as posted. If we change our information practices in the future, we will post the changes to our Web Site to notify you and provide you with the ability to opt out of these new uses. If you are concerned about how your information is used, you should check back at our Web Site periodically.
CONTACT INFORMATION
Please read this Policy carefully and feel free to contact us by sending us a message at privacy@lindasgourmetcookies.com. You can also contact us by telephone at (816) 822-0356 if you have any inquiries, complaints or questions regarding its contents.