http://www.campbellenterprises.com/privacy-policy.htm
VIEW CART  /
CHECKOUT
VIEW CART
Toggle navigation
Shop By Vehicle
--- Select ---
--- Select ---
--- Select ---
Shop By Brand
Search For Parts
SEARCH >
Performance Parts
ATV Dirt Bike and Motorcycle Parts
Automatic Transmissions, Torque Converters & Parts
Connecting Rods
Crankshafts
Pistons
Stroker Kits
More Engine Parts
Motor Plates
Transmission Bellhousings
Transmission Shields
Need Help?
Shop By Vehicle
--- Select ---
--- Select ---
--- Select ---
Shop By Brand
Search For Parts
SEARCH >
Help
ABOUT CECONTACT INFO
HELP PAGEPRIVACY POLICYSITE MAP
Performance Parts
ATV Dirt Bike and Motorcycle Parts
Automatic Transmissions, Torque Converters & Parts
Connecting Rods
Crankshaft
Pistons
Stroker Kit
More Engine Parts
Motor Plates
Transmission Bellhousings
Transmission Shields
Effective 01/03/2007
Campbell Enterprises Privacy Policy
Privacy Notice Table Of Contents:
Our Commitment To Privacy
The Information We Collect
How We Use Information
Our Commitment To Data Security
Our Commitment To Children's Privacy
How To Access Or Correct Your Information
How To Contact Us
Our Commitment To Privacy
We are providing this notice to share with you our efforts to better protect your
privacy. The information presented here explains our online information practices
regarding the choices you can make about the way your information is collected and used.
The Information We Collect:
This notice applies to all information collected or submitted on the Campbell
Enterprises website. At  various locations on our website we may request certain
personal information from you. This mainly occurs in our shopping cart system when you
place an order. We occasionally also provide feedback forms, registration forms, customer
surveys, etc. where we may also request information from you. The types of personal
information we may ask for are as follows:
Name
Address
Shipping Address
Email address
Telephone numbers
Credit/Debit Card, PayPal or other payment type information
When placing an order, you may request that your shipment be sent to an address other
than your own. If you do this we have to ask you for some personal information for the
person that we will be shipping your order to. The information we will request for the
person your shipment is to be sent to is as follows:
Name
Address
Daytime Phone Number
The Way We Use Information:
The information you provide about yourself when placing an order is used by us only to
complete that order. We do not share this information with outside parties except to the
extent necessary to complete that order and shipping of the order to you or an agent that
you designate.
Any information you provide about someone else when placing an order is used by us only
to ship your and to confirm delivery. We do not share this information with outside
parties except to the extent necessary to complete that order.
We offer Gift Ideas which you can personalize when you order them for another
person.  Information you provide us to enable us to prepare and provide the gift
certificate is only used for that purpose, and it is only disclosed to the person
receiving the gift and any parties necessary to complete that order.
We use email addresses provided by our customers to answer the email we receive. We
will also use those e-mail addresses to send updates regarding the status of your order
and shipping information. Such addresses are not used for any other purpose and are not
shared with outside parties. We also offer e-mail programs to our customers to update them
on special sales, technical updates, etc. These e-mails are distributed only to customers
who have supplied their e-mail address to us. All of our special sale e-mails, technical
notes, updates, etc. include a link that you may use to be removed from our mailing list.
You can register on our website if you would like to receive notifications of special
sales. technical information and updates on our new products and services.
We use non-identifying and aggregate information to better design our website and to
share with advertisers. For example, we may tell an advertiser that X number of
individuals visited a certain area on our website, or that Y number of men and Z number of
women filled out our registration form, but we would not disclose anything that could be
used to identify those individuals.
Finally, we never use or share the personally identifiable information provided to us
online in ways unrelated to the ones described above without also providing you an
opportunity to opt-out or otherwise prohibit such unrelated uses.
Our Commitment To Data Security
To prevent unauthorized access, maintain data accuracy, and ensure the correct use of
information, we have put in place appropriate physical, electronic, and managerial
procedures to safeguard and protect the information we collect from our customers.
Our Commitment To Children's Privacy:
Protecting the privacy of the very young is especially important. For that reason, we
never collect or maintain information at our website from those we know to be under age
13.
How You Can Access Or Correct Your Information
You can access all your personally identifiable information that we collect online and
maintain by calling us during normal office hours of 10am to 6pm EST, Monday through
Friday excluding holidays, or by e-mailing us anytime by using our contact form. You may
also mail our office at Campbell Enterprises 6520 Boundary Run Drive, Mechanicsville, VA
23111 USA. We use this procedure to better safeguard your information.
You can correct factual errors in your personally identifiable information by sending
us a request that credibly shows error.
To protect your privacy and security, we will also take reasonable steps to verify your
identity before granting access or making corrections.
How To Contact Us
Should you have other questions or concerns about these privacy policies, please call
us at 804-779-0888 between the hours of 10am and 6pm, EST, Monday through Friday or send
us an email anytime by using our contact form.
Affiliate Relationships - Google - Cookies
Google, as a third party advertisement vendor, uses cookies to serve
ads on this site. The use of DART cookies by Google enables them to
serve adverts to visitors that are based on their visits to this website
as well as other sites on the internet.
To opt out of the DART cookies you may visit the Google ad and content network privacy policy at the following url https://www.google.com/privacy_ads.html Tracking of users through the DART cookie mechanisms are subject to Google’s own privacy policies.
We use Google AdWords Conversion tracker, and other
Google services that place cookies on a browser across the website.
These cookies help us increase the website’s effectiveness for our
visitors. These cookies are set and read by Google. To opt out of Google
tracking, please visit this page.
We use AdWords remarketing to market our sites across the web. We
place a cookie on a browser, and then a 3rd party (Google) reads these
cookies and may serve an ad on a 3rd party site. You may opt out of this
ad serving on Google’s opt out page. If you are concerned about 3rd party cookies served by networks, you should also visit the Network Advertising Initiative opt-out page.
Other Third Party ad servers or ad networks may also use cookies to
track users activities on this website to measure advertisement
effectiveness and other reasons that will be provided in their own
privacy policies, CampbellEnterprises.com has no access or control over
these cookies that may be used by third party advertisers.
Item added to cart
Customer
Service and Store Policies
Campbell Enterprises Performance Parts | About | Contact Info | Privacy Policy | Terms
copyright ©
Motorsports Parts Corporation T/A Campbell Enterprises. All rights reserved