http://www.trendway.com/privacy-policy
We value your trust Privacy Policy
Introduction
Trendway Corporation (“Company” or “We”) respects your privacy and are committed to protecting it through our compliance with this policy.
This policy describes the types of information we may collect from you or that you may provide when you visit the websites Trendway.com (our “Website”) and our practices for collecting, using, maintaining, protecting, and disclosing that information.
This policy applies to information we collect:
On this Website
In email, text, and other electronic messages between you and this Website
When you interact with our advertising and applications on third-party websites and services, if those applications or advertising include links to this policy
offline or through any other means, including on any other website operated by Company or any third party (including our affiliates and subsidiaries); or
any third party (including our affiliates and subsidiaries), including through any application or content (including advertising) that may link to or be accessible from or on the Website
Please read this policy carefully to understand our policies and practices regarding your information and how we will treat it. If you do not agree with our policies and practices, your choice is not to use our Website. By accessing or using this Website, you agree to this privacy policy. This policy may change from time to time (see Changes to Our Privacy Policy). Your continued use of this Website after we make changes is deemed to be acceptance of those changes, so please check the policy periodically for updates.
Children
Our Website is not intended for children defined as the younger of 13 years of age or as prescribed by the law where you reside. No child may provide any information to the Website. We do not knowingly collect personal information from children. If you are a child, do not use any of the interactive or provide any information about yourself to us, including your name, address, telephone number, email address, or any screen name or user name you may use. If we learn we have collected or received personal information from a child without verification of parental consent, we will delete that information. If you believe we might have any information from or about a child, please contact us at customercare@trendway.com.
Information We Collect About You and How We Collect It
We collect several types of information from and about users of our Website, including information:
by which you may be personally identified, such as name, postal address, e-mail address, telephone number, IP address, any other identifier by which you may be contacted online or offline (“personal information”);
that is about you but individually does not identify you, such as product purchase history; and/or
about your internet connection, the equipment you use to access our Website and usage details
We collect this information:
Directly from you when you provide it to us
Automatically as you navigate through the site. Information collected automatically may include usage details, IP addresses, and information collected through cookies, web beacons, and other tracking technologies
From third parties, for example, our business partners
Information You Provide to Us. The information we collect on or through our Website may include:
Information that you provide by filling in forms on our Website. This includes information provided at the time of requesting customer service. We may also ask you for information when you enter a contest or promotion sponsored by us, and when you report a problem with our Website
Records and copies of your correspondence (including email addresses), if you contact us
Your responses to surveys that we might ask you to complete for research purposes
Details of transactions you carry out through our Website and of the fulfillment of your orders. You may be required to provide financial information before placing an order through our Website
Your search queries on the Website
Information We Collect Through Automatic Data Collection Technologies. As you navigate through and interact with our Website, we may use automatic data collection technologies to collect certain information about your equipment, browsing actions, and patterns, including:
Details of your visits to our Website, including traffic data, location data, logs, and other communication data and the resources that you access and use on the Website
Information about your computer and internet connection, including your IP address, operating system, and browser type
The information we collect automatically is statistical data and may include personal information, or we may maintain it or associate it with personal information we collect in other ways or receive from third parties. It helps us to improve our Website and to deliver a better and more personalized service, including by enabling us to:
Estimate our audience size and usage patterns
Speed up your searches
The technologies we use for this automatic data collection may include:
Cookies (or browser cookies) – A cookie is a small file placed on the hard drive of your computer. You may refuse to accept browser cookies by activating the appropriate setting on your browser. However, if you select this setting you may be unable to access certain parts of our Website. Unless you have adjusted your browser setting so that it will refuse cookies, our system will issue cookies when you direct your browser to our Website
Web Beacons – Pages of our Website and our e-mails may contain small electronic files known as web beacons (also referred to as clear gifs, pixel tags, and single-pixel gifs) that permit the Company, for example, to count users who have visited those pages or opened an email and for other related website statistics (for example, recording the popularity of certain website content and verifying system and server integrity)
We do not collect personal information automatically, but we may tie this information to personal information about you that we collect from other sources or you provide to us.
Third-Party Use of Cookies and Other Tracking Technologies.
Some content or applications, including advertisements, on the Website are served by third-parties, including application providers. These third parties may use cookies (alone or in conjunction with web beacons or other tracking technologies) to collect information about you when you use our website. The information they collect may be associated with your personal information or they may collect information, including personal information, about your online activities over time and across different websites and other online services. They may use this information to provide you with interest-based (behavioral) advertising or other targeted content.
We do not control these third parties’ tracking technologies or how they may be used. If you have any questions about an advertisement or other targeted content, you should contact the responsible provider directly. For information about how you can opt out of receiving targeted advertising from many providers, see Choices About How We Use and Disclose Your Information.
How We Use Your Information
We use information that we collect about you or that you provide to us, including any personal information:
To present our Website and its contents to you
To provide you with information, products, or services that you request from us
To fulfill any other purpose for which you provide it
To notify you about changes to our Website or any products or services we offer or provide though it
To allow you to participate in interactive features on our Website
In any other way we may describe when you provide the information
For any other purpose with your consent
Disclosure of Your Information
We may disclose aggregated information about our users, and information that does not identify any individual, without restriction.
We may disclose personal information that we collect or you provide as described in this privacy policy:
To our subsidiaries and affiliates
To contractors, service providers, and other third parties we use to support our business and who are bound by contractual obligations to keep personal information confidential and use it only for the purposes for which we disclose it to them
To fulfill any other purpose for which you provide it
To a buyer or other successor in the event of a merger, divestiture, restructuring, reorganization, dissolution, or other sale or transfer of some or all of Trendway assets, whether as a going concern or as part of bankruptcy, liquidation, or similar proceeding, in which personal information held by Trendway about our Website users is among the assets transferred
To fulfill the purpose for which you provide it.
For any other purpose disclosed by us when you provide the information
With your consent
We may also disclose your personal information:
To comply with any court order, law, or legal process, including to respond to any government or regulatory request
To enforce or apply our terms of use and other agreements
If we believe disclosure is necessary or appropriate to protect the rights, property, or safety of Trendway, our customers, or others. This includes exchanging information with other companies and organizations for the purposes of fraud protection and credit risk reduction
Choices About How We Use and Disclose Your Information
We strive to provide you with choices regarding the personal information you provide to us. We have created mechanisms to provide you with the following control over your information:
Tracking Technologies – You can set your browser to refuse all or some browser cookies, or to alert you when cookies are being sent. If you disable or refuse cookies, please note that some parts of this site may then be inaccessible or not function properly.
Promotional Offers from the Company – If you do not wish to have your email address/contact information used by the Company to promote our own or third parties’ products or services, you can opt-out by checking the relevant box located on the form on which we collect your data (the order form/registration form) or Unsubscribe or at any other time by unchecking the relevant boxes or by sending us an email stating your request to customercare@trendway.com. If we have sent you a promotional email, you may send us a return email asking to be omitted from future email distributions. This opt out does not apply to information provided to the Company as a result of a product purchase, warranty registration, product service experience or other transactions.
How long we keep personal information
We retain your information in accordance with our records retention schedule. You can find more information on the criteria used to calculate the retention periods set out below.
We have an enterprise records retention schedule that is based upon a classification scheme consisting of business functions, record classes, and record types. We calculate retention periods for your personal information in accordance with the following criteria:
the length of time necessary to fulfill the purposes we collected it for
when you cease to use our Services
the length of time it is reasonable to keep records to demonstrate that we have fulfilled our duties and obligations
any limitation periods within which claims might be made
any retention periods prescribed by law or recommended by regulators, professional bodies or associations
the existence of any relevant proceedings
Your California Privacy Rights
California law permits residents of California to opt-out of Company’s disclosure of personal information to third parties for their direct marketing purposes. You may choose to opt-out of the sharing of your personal information with third parties for marketing purposes at any time by submitting a request in writing to customercare@trendway.com. Please note that this opt-out does not prohibit disclosure made for non-marketing purposes.
California law also permits residents of California to request and obtain from us once per year, free of charge, a list of the third parties (if any) to whom we have disclosed personal information for their direct marketing purposes in the prior calendar year, as well as the type of personal information disclosed to those parties. If you are a California resident and would like to request this information, please submit your request in an e-mail to: customercare@trendway.com. Requests via written mail, telephone, or facsimile will not be accepted. The e-mail subject line and the content of your request must include the phrase “Your California Privacy Rights,” and include your name and e-mail address. Please allow 30 days to receive a response to your inquiry.
California Civil Code Section § 1798.83 permits users of our Website that are California residents to request certain information regarding our disclosure of personal information to third parties for their direct marketing purposes. To make such a request, please send an email to customercare@trendway.com or write us at: Privacy Officer, 13467 Quincy Street, Holland, MI 49424
Accessing, Correcting and Deleting Your Information
You may have rights under European and other laws to have access to your personal information and to ask us to rectify, erase and restrict use of, your personal information. You may also have rights to object to your personal information being used, to ask for the transfer of personal information you have made available to us and to withdraw consent to the use of your personal information. Further information on how to exercise your rights is set out below.
We will honor your rights under applicable data protection laws. You have the following rights under European laws, and may have similar rights under the laws of other countries.
Right of subject access: The right to make a written request for details of your personal information and a copy of that personal information
Right to rectification: The right to have inaccurate information about you corrected or removed
Right to erasure (‘right to be forgotten’): The right to have certain personal information about you erased
Right to restriction of processing: The right to request that your personal information is only used for restricted purposes
Right to opt out of marketing: You can manage your marketing preferences by unsubscribe links found in the communications you receive from us or by visiting the applicable preference center
Right to object: The right to object to processing of your personal information in cases where our processing is based on the performance of a task carried out in the public interest or we have let you know the processing is necessary for our or a third party’s legitimate interests
Right to data portability: The right to ask for the personal information you have made available to us to be transferred to you or a third party in machine-readable format
Right to withdraw consent: The right to withdraw any consent you have previously given us to handle your personal information. If you withdraw your consent, this will not affect the lawfulness of our use of your personal information prior to the withdrawal of your consent
When you make such a request, we will balance your legal and privacy rights with our legal obligations to preserve information.
In response to a request, we will ask you to verify your identity if we need to, and to provide information that helps us to understand your request better. If we do not comply with your request, whether in whole or in part, we will explain why.
In order to exercise your rights, please complete this Data Request Form and send it ot customercare@trendway.com.
International Transfers
Trendway is a global organization and your personal information may be stored and processed outside of your home country, including in countries that may not offer the same level of protection for your personal information as your home country. We have measures in place to ensure that when your personal information is transferred internationally, it is subject to appropriate safeguards in accordance with data protection laws. Often, these include contractual safeguards. Data transferred to the United States is protected under the Privacy Shield framework.
When we transfer personal information internationally, we put in place safeguards in accordance with applicable law (including Articles 44 to 50 of the EU General Data Protection Regulation).
Data Security
We have implemented measures designed to secure your personal information from accidental loss and from unauthorized access, use, alteration, and disclosure. All information you provide to us is stored on our secure servers behind firewalls. Any payment transactions will be encrypted using SSL technology.
The safety and security of your information also depends on you. Where we have given you (or where you have chosen) a password for access to certain parts of our Website, you are responsible for keeping this password confidential. We ask you not to share your password with anyone. We urge you to be careful about giving out information in public areas of the Website like message boards and product reviews. The information you share in public areas may be viewed by any user of the Website.
Unfortunately, the transmission of information via the internet is not completely secure. Although we do our best to protect your personal information, we cannot guarantee the security of your personal information transmitted to our Website. Any transmission of personal information is at your own risk. We are not responsible for circumvention of any privacy settings or security measures contained on the Website.
Changes to Our Privacy Policy
It is our policy to post any changes we make to our privacy policy on this page with a notice that the privacy policy has been updated on the Website home page. If we make material changes to how we treat our users’ personal information, we will notify you through a notice on the Website home page. The date the privacy policy was last revised is identified at the top of the page. You are responsible for ensuring we have an up-to-date active and deliverable email address for you, and for periodically visiting our Website and this privacy policy to check for any changes.
Filing a Complaint
If you are not content with how we manage your personal information, you can lodge a complaint with a privacy supervisory authority. In the European Economic Area, the relevant supervisory authority is the one in the country or territory where:
you are a resident
you work, or
the alleged infringement took place
A list of National Data Protection Authorities in the European Economic Area can be found here: http://ec.europa.eu/justice/data-protection/bodies/authorities/index_en.htm.
Contact Information
To contact the Data Controller, ask questions or comment about this privacy policy and our privacy practices, contact us at:
Trendway
13467 Quincy Street
Holland, MI 49424
Phone: 616-399-3900
Email: customercare@trendway.com
Top