https://www.purityproducts.com/privacy-policy-california
Welcome to Purity Products®
CALL OUR 24HR ORDERLINE: 1-800-256-6102
Cart
0
Items
$0.00
My Account
Login
What are you looking for?
CALL OUR 24HR ORDERLINE:1-800-256-6102
Show
Hide
Menu
Best Sellers
Krill & Omega-3's
Krill Omega 50+ with CoQ10
Krill Omega 50+
Krill Omega 10X with CoQ10
Krill Omega 10X
Ultra-Pure Omega 3
Purity Pack (Multi + Fish Oil)
Perfect Multivitamins
Men's Perfect Multi
Women's Perfect Multi
Perfect Multi Super Greens
The Purity Super Pill
Perfect Multi
H.A. Formulas
H.A. Joint Formula
H.A. Joint and Skin
Ultimate H.A. Formula
Ultimate H.A. 7
OJC - Organic Juice Cleanse
Berry Greens Surprise
Cranberry Cleanse
Apple Surprise
Blueberry Detox
Chocolate Greens Surprise
Dr. Cannell's Advanced D Formulas
Dr. Cannell's Advanced D
Dr. Cannell's Advanced D Women's Formulas
Dr. Cannell's Advanced D Men's Formulas
Dr. Cannell's Advanced D with Calcium & Magnesium
Co-Q Formulas
Krill Omega 50+ with CoQ10
Krill Omega 10X with CoQ10
CoQ10 Daily with Resveratrol
CoQ10 Daily Super Boost
Co-Q-Omega
Chris Kilham - The Medicine Hunter
Green Tea CR - Phytosome
Clinical Curcumin Formula
Vital Maca
Specialty Formulas
EverStrong Blue
B-12 Energy Melt
AstaFX Plus
B-12 Energy Melts + Probiotics
Health Concerns
Joint Health
Flexuron
JointGel
Believa
H.A. Joint
Krill Omega 50+ with CoQ10
Ultimate H.A. Formula
H.A. Joint and Skin
Healthy Aging
Men's Perfect Multi
Women's Perfect Multi
OJC Greens - Berry Surprise
Krill Omega 50+ with CoQ10
Everstrong Blue
H.A. Joint
Triple Action Omega-3
Ubiquinol Daily CoQ10 QH + Resveratrol
Cardio Health
The Purity Super Pill
Krill Omega 50+
The Artery Pill
CoQ10 Daily with Resveratrol
Krill Omega 50+ with CoQ10
Perfect Multi Super Greens
Asta FX Super Formula
Brain Health
Chris Kilham's Triple Ginseng
Memory 500
PS Brain Health
Chris Kilham's Vital Brilliance
Ubiquinol Daily CoQ10 QH
Immune Support
AstaGummies
Zorbz - Liposomal Vitamin C
Fast Action Immune
Dr. Cannell's Advanced D
Once-Daily Essential Immunity
Perfect Multi
Women's Health
Women's Perfect Multi
Hair, Skin & Nails Super Formula
Hylastin
Age Defyance Serum
Dr. Cannell's Advanced D Women's Formula
Nuvaprin HD
Men's Health
Men's Perfect Multi
Zestosterone Pro
Everstrong Blue
Ultimate Prostate Formula
Men's Prelox Multi
Prelox
Chris Kilham's Vital Maca
Energy Support
B-12 Energy Melt
Green Tea CR
EverStrong Blue
Chris Kilham's Triple Ginseng
OJC Berry Surprise
Sleep Health
NiteVites Extra Strength
Chris Kilham's Vital Rest
SlumberMelt Quick Dissolving Tablet
MagBlue
Skin Health
Hylastra Gold
Ultimate Collagen
H.A. Joint and Skin Super Formula
Hair, Skin & Nails Super Formula
Hylastin
Digestive Health
Triple Action Probiotic
V-Zymes Digestive Formula
OJC Blueberry Detox
Purity's Fiber with Probiotics
OJC Berry Surprise
OJC Super Reds
Weight Management
Spare Tire
MuffinStop Diet Formula
The Organic Protein Smoothie
Green Coffee Bean Super Formula
Garcinia Triple Action Formula
OJC Chocolate Surprise
OJC Apple Surprise
OJC Blueberry Detox
Fitness, Strength & Hydration
EverStrong Blue
Water Pure Filter System
Amazing Oranges Stick Packs
The Organic Protein Smoothie - French Vanilla
H.A. Joint Sport
B-12 Energy Melt
MuffinStop Diet Formula
Pet's Health
H.A. Canine Hyaluronic Acid Hip & Joint Formula
Dog Daily Complete Multivitamin
Cat Daily Complete Multivitamin
New At Purity
Zenergy
JointGel - Chocolate
Vital Immunity
Hylastra Gold
Sasquatch Pre Workout
AstaGummies
Hand Sanitizer
Muscle Accelerator
Women's Perfect Multi
EverStrong Blue
Zorbz - Liposomal Vitamin C
Prelox Men's Multi
MagBlue
See More
Our Company
PurityRewards™
About Purity Products
Purity Charity In Action
Meet the
Team
Quality Assurance
Purity Champions
Super Saver Perks
Careers
Contact Us
Frequently Asked Questions
Order Status
Blog
Radio/TV Offers
MagBlue
Krill Omega 50+ with CoQ10
H.A. Joint Formula
Green Tea CR Phytosome
EverStrong Blue
Purity's Advanced D
Flexuron
Men's Perfect Multi
Women's Perfect Multi
JointGel
See More Offers
Purity Products Privacy Policy - California Residents
PURITY PRODUCTS PRIVACY NOTICE FOR CALIFORNIA RESIDENTS
This Privacy Notice for California Residents is incorporated into the Terms of Use. All terms defined in the Terms of Use shall have the same meaning when used herein unless otherwise noted.
Effective Date: 7/21/20Last Reviewed on: 7/21/20
This Privacy Notice for California Residents supplements the information contained in PURITY PRODUCTS  Privacy Notice and applies solely to all visitors, Users, Purchasers and others who reside in the State of California ("Consumers" or "You"). We adopt this notice to comply with the California Consumer Privacy Act of 2018 (CCPA). Any terms defined in the CCPA have the same meaning when used in this Notice.
This Notice does not apply to employment-related personal information collected from California-based employees, job applicants, contractors, or similar individuals.
Information We Collect
We collect information that identifies, relates to, describes, references, is reasonably capable of being associated with, or could reasonably be linked, directly or indirectly, with a particular consumer, household, or device ("personal information"). Personal information does not include:
•  Publicly available information from government records.
•  Deidentified or aggregated consumer information.
•  Information excluded from the CCPA's scope, like:
•  health or medical information covered by the Health Insurance Portability and Accountability Act of 1996 (HIPAA) and the California Confidentiality of Medical Information Act (CMIA) or clinical trial data;
•  personal information covered by certain sector-specific privacy laws, including the Fair Credit Reporting Act (FCRA), the Gramm-Leach-Bliley Act (GLBA) or California Financial Information Privacy Act (FIPA), and the Driver's Privacy Protection Act of 1994.]
In particular, We have collected the following categories of personal information from its consumers within the last twelve (12) months:
Category
Examples
Collected
A. Identifiers.
A real name, alias, postal address, unique personal identifier, online identifier, Internet Protocol address, email address, account name, Social Security number, driver's license number, passport number, or other similar identifiers.
YES
B. Personal information categories listed in the California Customer Records statute (Cal. Civ. Code § 1798.80(e)).
A name, signature, Social Security number, physical characteristics or description, address, telephone number, passport number, driver's license or state identification card number, insurance policy number, education, employment, employment history, bank account number, credit card number, debit card number, or any other financial information, medical information, or health insurance information.
Some personal information included in this category may overlap with other categories.
YES
C. Protected classification characteristics under California or federal law.
Age (40 years or older), race, color, ancestry, national origin, citizenship, religion or creed, marital status, medical condition, physical or mental disability, sex (including gender, gender identity, gender expression, pregnancy or childbirth and related medical conditions), sexual orientation, veteran or military status, genetic information (including familial genetic information).
NO
D. Commercial information.
Records of personal property, products or services purchased, obtained, or considered, or other purchasing or consuming histories or tendencies.
YES
E. Biometric information.
Genetic, physiological, behavioral, and biological characteristics, or activity patterns used to extract a template or other identifier or identifying information, such as, fingerprints, faceprints, and voiceprints, iris or retina scans, keystroke, gait, or other physical patterns, and sleep, health, or exercise data.
YES
F. Internet or other similar network activity.
Browsing history, search history, information on a consumer's interaction with a website, application, or advertisement.
YES
G. Geolocation data.
Physical location or movements.
YES
H. Sensory data.
Audio, electronic, visual, thermal, olfactory, or similar information.
NO
I. Professional or employment-related information.
Current or past job history or performance evaluations.
NO
J. Non-public education information (per the Family Educational Rights and Privacy Act (20 U.S.C. Section 1232g, 34 C.F.R. Part 99)).
Education records directly related to a student maintained by an educational institution or party acting on its behalf, such as grades, transcripts, class lists, student schedules, student identification codes, student financial information, or student disciplinary records.
NO
K. Inferences drawn from other personal information.
Profile reflecting a person's preferences, characteristics, psychological trends, predispositions, behavior, attitudes, intelligence, abilities, and aptitudes.
YES
Please note that Our “Yes” response in the chart above indicates that We collect at least some, but not every example of personal information in that category.
We obtain the categories of personal information listed above from the following categories of sources:
•  Directly from you, for example, when You create or access your PURITY PRODUCTS and/or PurityRewards accounts; purchase  Products and Services, including through Our SuperSaver Perks; communicate with Us by email, phone or SMS text, such as in connection Your purchases, The Website, and Products and Services experiences; when You redeem your PurityPoints; when You complete webforms; when You participate in surveys, reviews, sweepstakes or contests made available by PURITY PRODUCTS or its partners or affiliates; or when You submit content for publication on The Website, such as for blogs, social media pages, product review pages, community events, etc.
•  Indirectly from you, for example, by observing your actions on our Website, or through information we collect while providing Products or Services;
•  Directly and indirectly from your activity on the Website, for example, through Website portal or Website usage details that are collected automatically or through your inquiries or submissions on the Website;
•  From third parties, for example, from third parties that assist PURITY PRODUCTS to provide customer service or maintain The Website.
Use of Personal Information
PURITY PRODUCTS may use, sell, or disclose the personal information We collect for one or more of the following purposes:
•  To fulfill or meet the reason You provided the information. For example, to respond to Your questions or communications regarding PURITY PRODUCTS, Our Products and Services, and  Your PURITY PRODUCTS and PurityRewards accounts; to process Your payment and facilitate delivery of Products and Services, including order selection, processing, returns and/or renewals; to communicate with You regarding any changes to your account; and to otherwise process customer service functions;
•  To provide You with communications regarding any changes to PURITY PRODUCTS policies or account management procedures, notices, or terms of services;
•  To provide you with email alerts, banner ads, postal mail, event registrations and other notices concerning PURITY PRODUCTS, Our Products and Services, inform You of any updates, promotions and special offers regarding PURITY PRODUCTS, Our Products and Services, The Website or programs, or Our partners’ or affiliates’ products, services or programs that may interest you;
•  To carry out our obligations and enforce our rights arising from any contracts entered into between you and us, including for billing and collections;
•  To publish content on the Website, under some circumstances, such as when PURITY PRODUCTS publishes testimonial comments or enables blog comments or public participation in forums by Users on the Website
•  To process your credit card or other specified form of payment;
•  To create, maintain, customize, and secure your account with us.
•  To process your requests, purchases, transactions, and payments and prevent transactional fraud.
•  To provide you with support and to respond to your inquiries, including to investigate and address your concerns and monitor and improve our responses.
•  To personalize your Website experience and to deliver content and product and service offerings relevant to your interests, including targeted offers and ads through our Website, third-party sites, and via email or text message (with your consent, where required by law).
•  To help maintain the safety, security, and integrity of our Website, products and services, databases and other technology assets, and business.
•  For testing, research, analysis, and product development, including to develop and improve our Website, products, and services.
•  To respond to law enforcement requests or in response to subpoenas, court orders or other legal process, or to establish, protect or exercise PURITY PRODUCTS’ legal or other rights, to defend against a legal claim or as otherwise allowed by law or regulation;
•  As described to you when collecting your personal information or as otherwise set forth in the CCPA.
•  To evaluate or conduct a merger, divestiture, restructuring, reorganization, dissolution, or other sale or transfer of some or all of our assets, whether as a going concern or as part of bankruptcy, liquidation, or similar proceeding, in which personal information held by us about our [Website users/consumers] is among the assets transferred.
We will not collect additional categories of personal information or use the personal information We collected for materially different, unrelated, or incompatible purposes without providing you notice.
Sharing Personal Information
We may disclose your personal information to a third party for a business purpose or sell your personal information, subject to your right to opt-out of those sales (see Personal Information Sales Opt-Out and Opt-In Rights). When we disclose personal information for a business purpose, we enter a contract that describes the purpose and requires the recipient to both keep that personal information confidential and not use it for any purpose except performing the contract.
We share your personal information with the following categories of third parties:
•  PURITY PRODUCTS Affiliates and Partners;
•  Service providers.
•  Third parties which You have authorized Us to disclose Your Personal Information in connection with the Services and Products that PURITY PRODUCTS provides to You;
•  Federal or state law enforcement officials when state or federal law requires Us to do so, such as to comply with an inquiry from law enforcement officials, when ordered by a court or by other compulsory legal process or when We believe, in good faith, it is necessary for PURITY PRODUCTS to comply with its legal obligations or to investigate or prevent suspected illegal activities such as fraud.
Disclosures of Personal Information for a Business Purpose
In the preceding twelve (12) months Company has disclosed the following categories of personal information for a business purpose:
Category A: Identifiers.Category B: California Customer Records personal information categories.Category D: Commercial information.Category E: Biometric information.Category F: Internet or other similar network activity.Category G: Geolocation data.Category H: Sensory data.Category K: Inferences drawn from other personal information.
We disclose your personal information for our business purpose to the following categories of third parties:
•  PURITY PRODUCTS Affiliates and Partners;•  Service providers.•  Third parties which You have authorized Us to disclose Your Personal Information in connection with the services and products that PURITY PRODUCTS provides to You.
Sales of Personal Information
In the preceding twelve (12) months, We have sold the following categories of personal information:
Category A: Identifiers.Category B: California Customer Records personal information categories
In the preceding twelve (12) months, we have sold your personal information to the following categories of third parties:
•  Data aggregators.•  Third parties offering products or services that may be of interest to You.
You may exercise Your right to direct us not to sell your personal information by clicking on the “Do Not Sell My Personal Information”  link as described more fully below.
Your Rights and Choices
The CCPA provides California residents with specific rights regarding their personal information. This section describes Your CCPA rights and explains how to exercise those rights.
Access to Specific Information and Data Portability Rights
You have the right to request that We disclose certain information to You about Our collection and use of Your personal information over the past 12 months. Once We receive and confirm your verifiable consumer request (see Exercising Access, Data Portability, and Deletion Rights), We will disclose to you:
•  The categories of personal information We collected about You.
•  The categories of sources for the personal information We collected about You.
•  Our business or commercial purpose for collecting or selling that personal information.
•  The categories of third parties with whom We share that personal information.
•  The specific pieces of personal information We collected about You (also called a data portability request).
•  If We sold or disclosed Your personal information for a business purpose, two separate lists disclosing:
•  sales, identifying the personal information categories that each category of recipient purchased; and
•  disclosures for a business purpose, identifying the personal information categories that each category of recipient obtained.
The CCPA presently exempts personal information reflecting a written or verbal business-to-business communication ("B2B personal information") from some its requirements. We do not provide these access and data portability rights for B2B personal information.
Deletion Request Rights
You have the right to request that We delete any of Your personal information that We collected from You and retained, subject to certain exceptions. Once We receive and confirm Your verifiable consumer request (see Exercising Access, Data Portability, and Deletion Rights), We will delete (and direct Our service providers to delete) Your personal information from Our records, unless an exception applies.
We may deny your deletion request if retaining the information is necessary for Us or Our service provider(s) to:
Complete the transaction for which We collected the personal information, provide a good or service that You requested, take actions reasonably anticipated within the context of Our ongoing business relationship with You, fulfill the terms of a written warranty or product recall conducted in accordance with federal law, or otherwise perform Our contract with You.
Detect security incidents, protect against malicious, deceptive, fraudulent, or illegal activity, or prosecute those responsible for such activities.
Debug products to identify and repair errors that impair existing intended functionality.
Exercise free speech, ensure the right of another consumer to exercise their free speech rights, or exercise another right provided for by law.
Comply with the California Electronic Communications Privacy Act (Cal. Penal Code § 1546
seq.).
Engage in public or peer-reviewed scientific, historical, or statistical research in the public interest that adheres to all other applicable ethics and privacy laws, when the information's deletion may likely render impossible or seriously impair the research's achievement, if you previously provided informed consent.
Enable solely internal uses that are reasonably aligned with consumer expectations based on your relationship with us.
Comply with a legal obligation.
Make other internal and lawful uses of that information that are compatible with the context in which you provided it.
We do not provide these deletion rights for B2B personal information.
Exercising Access, Data Portability, and Deletion Rights
To exercise the access, data portability, and deletion rights described above, please submit a verifiable consumer request to Us by either:
•  Calling us at 855-944-3311•  Emailing us at privacy@purityproducts.com•  Submitting the completed form available here.
Only You, or someone legally authorized to act on your behalf, may make a verifiable consumer request related to Your personal information. You may also make a verifiable consumer request on behalf of your minor child.
You may only make a verifiable consumer request for access or data portability twice within a 12-month period. The verifiable consumer request must:
•  Provide sufficient information that allows Us to reasonably verify You are the person about whom we collected personal information or an authorized representative.
•  Describe your request with sufficient detail that allows us to properly understand, evaluate, and respond to it.
We cannot respond to Your request or provide You with personal information if We cannot verify Your identity or authority to make the request and confirm the personal information relates to you.
Making a verifiable consumer request does not require You to create an account with us. However, We do consider requests made through your password protected User Account sufficiently verified when the request relates to personal information associated with that specific User Account.
We will only use personal information provided in a verifiable consumer request to verify the requestor's identity or authority to make the request.
For instructions on exercising sale opt-out rights, see Personal Information Sales Opt-Out and Opt-In Rights.
Response Timing and Format
We endeavor to respond to a verifiable consumer request within forty-five (45) days of its receipt. If We require more time (up to 90 days), We will inform You of the reason and extension period in writing.
If You have an account with Us, we will deliver our written response to that account. If You do not have an account with Us, We will deliver Our written response by mail or electronically, at Your option.
Any disclosures We provide will only cover the 12-month period preceding the verifiable consumer request's receipt. The response We provide will also explain the reasons We cannot comply with a request, if applicable. For data portability requests, We will select a format to provide Your personal information that is readily useable and should allow You to transmit the information from one entity to another entity without hindrance.
We do not charge a fee to process or respond to Your verifiable consumer request unless it is excessive, repetitive, or manifestly unfounded. If We determine that the request warrants a fee, We will tell You why we made that decision and provide You with a cost estimate before completing Your request.
Personal Information Sales Opt-Out and Opt-In Rights
You have the right to direct Us to not sell Your personal information at any time (the "right to opt-out"). We do not sell the personal information of consumers we actually know are less than 16 years of age, unless we receive affirmative authorization (the "right to opt-in") from either the consumer who is at least 13 but not yet 16 years of age, or the parent or guardian of a consumer less than 13 years of age. Consumers who opt-in to personal information sales may opt-out of future sales at any time.
To exercise the right to opt-out, You (or your authorized representative) may submit a request to Us by visiting the following Internet Web page link:Do Not Sell My Personal Information
Once You make an opt-out request, We will wait at least twelve (12) months before asking You to reauthorize personal information sales. However, You may change Your mind and opt back in to personal information sales at any time by:
•  Calling us at 855-944-3311•  Emailing us at privacy@purityproducts.com•  Submitting the completed form available here.
You do not need to create an account with Us to exercise Your opt-out rights. We will only use personal information provided in an opt-out request to review and comply with the request.
Non-Discrimination
We will not discriminate against You for exercising any of your CCPA rights. Unless permitted by the CCPA, we will not:
•  Deny You goods or services.
•  Charge You different prices or rates for goods or services, including through granting discounts or other benefits, or imposing penalties.
•  Provide You a different level or quality of goods or services.
•  Suggest that You may receive a different price or rate for goods or services or a different level or quality of goods or services.
Other California Privacy Rights
California's "Shine the Light" law (Civil Code Section § 1798.83) permits Users of our Website that are California residents to request certain information regarding our disclosure of personal information to third parties for their direct marketing purposes. To make such a request, please send an email to privacy@purityproducts.com.
We reserve the right to amend this privacy notice at Our discretion and at any time. When We make changes to this privacy notice, We will post the updated notice on the Website and update the notice's effective date. Your continued use of Our Website following the posting of changes constitutes Your acceptance of such changes.
Contact Information
If You have any questions or comments about this notice, the ways in which PURITY PRODUCTS collects and uses Your information described here and in Our Privacy Notice, Your choices and rights regarding such use, or wish to exercise Your rights under California law, please do not hesitate to contact us at:
•  Calling us at 855-944-3311•  Emailing us at privacy@purityproducts.com
At Purity Products®, We Help You Make Healthy Choices Through Intelligent Nutritional Solutions.
Learn More Shop Now
Follow Us
Contact Us
Order Line (24 Hr): 1-800-256-6102
Customer Care: 1-888-769-7873
Customer Care Hours:
Mon-Thur 9am-8pm ET
Fri 9am-7pm ET
Sat 9am-5pm ET
200 Terminal Drive, Plainview, NY 11803
© 2020 Purity Products
Customer Service
PurityRewards™
Company
Contact Us
Frequently Asked Questions
View Cart
My Account
Order Status
Affiliate Program
Newsletter and Offers
Sign up with your email address
signup-hidden-field-1
signup-hidden-field-2 signup-hidden-field-3
Terms of Use
Copyright and Intellectual Property Notice
Security Notice
Accessibility Statement
Cookie Policy
Privacy Policy
Privacy Notice for California Residents
*These statements have not been evaluated by the Food and Drug Administration. These products are not intended to diagnose, treat, cure or prevent any disease.