https://www.artistictile.net/store/privacy.html
Menu
Design Services
Tile
Pool Tile
Pool Tile factory list
Cepac Field
Cepac Decos
Cepac Liners
Mexican Pooltile
Fujiwa
Watermark
Wall Tile
IN STOCK SPECIALS
Wall Tile Factory List
Adex USA
Dune Ceramics
Atlas Concorde Brave
MiR Mosaic
Tuxedo
Original Style
Floor Tile
Floor Tile Factory List
Arto Tile
Eleganza
Everstone
MiR Mosaic
Terracotta
Sabine Hill
Original Style
Glass Tile
Glass Tile Factory List
Bisazza Glass
California Glass Series
GlazzTile Collection
Interstyle
Island Stone
Dune Glass
Lunada Bay Glass
Marin Glass
MiR Mosaic
Vogue Bay
Stone Tile
Stone Factory List
Specials
GTC Stone
Mir Mosaic
Crossville Stone
Island Stone
Voguebay Mosaic
Handmade tile
Handcraft Studios List
Tabarka Tile
Tabarka Tile Quick Ship
Sabine Hill
Accessories
Accessory Factory List
Tools for the Trade
Alpha Tools
Schluter Systems
Spin Doctor Leveling System
DTA Tools
Aqua Mix
Fila Sealers
MORE Surface Care
Better Bench
HCP Porcelain
Siena Thinsets
Nuheat
Stone Recesses
BetterBio
Vanities
Jenson Vanities
Slabs
Slabs Main Menu
ATS Quartz Slabs
Granite Slabs
Marble Slabs
Caesarstone Slabs
Cambria Slabs
Vadara Slabs
Viatera Slabs
Vetrazzo
Plumbing
Brands we Carry
Hahn Faucets
Hahn Sinks
Fluid Faucets
Info
Design Services
What's New?
Weekly Inspirations
Tile Info
A History of Porcelain
Lowfire vs. Highfire Porcelain
Tile Glazing
Which Tile is Better?
Applications of Ceramics
Ceramics in Manufacturing
A History of Pottery
Stone Info
What is Granite?
What is Limestone?
What is Marble?
What is Sandstone?
What is Shale?
What is Slate?
What is Soapstone?
What is Travertine?
About
About Us
Privacy Policy
Website Terms of Use
Terms & Conditions of Sale
Special Order Policy
Returns Policy
Installed Merchandise Policy
FAQ's
Yelp Reviews
Contact
Schedule A Design Consultation
Contact Us
Employment Opportunity
Sitemap
Home /
*ATS Privacy Policy
AT&S Privacy Policy
Privacy Policy Statement
We never rent or sell our customers' data to anyone. All information held is strictly confidential.
This is the web site of Artistictile.net owned by AT&S Artistic Tile and Stone, Inc.
Our Corporate address is
830 Bransten Road Suite B
San Carlos, CA 94070
We can be reached via e-mail or you can reach us by telephone at (650) 631-TILE (8453)
For each visitor to our Web page, our Web server automatically recognizes the consumer's domain name and e-mail address (where possible).
We collect only the domain name, but not the e-mail address of visitors to our Web page, aggregate information on what pages consumers access or visit, user-specific information on what pages consumers access or visit, information volunteered by the consumer, such as survey information and/or site registrations.
The information we collect is used to improve the content of our Web page, not shared with other organizations for commercial purposes.
With respect to cookies: We set one cookie to help our log analysis program accurately reflect user sessions. We use Urchin's UTM for our log analysis. No personal information is contained within this cookie.
We have an opt in list for our newsletter and only send promotional mail to those who have opted in. If you do not want to receive e-mail from us in the future, please let us know by sending us an e-mail.
If you supply us with your postal address on-line you will only receive the information for which you provided us your address.
Persons who supply us with their telephone numbers on-line will only receive telephone contact from us with information regarding orders they have placed on-line.
We do not normally share your information with any outside organizations. We have no agreements to share this information and can not imagine a situation where we would begin sharing this with anyone outside this organization.
With respect to Ad Servers: We do not partner with or have special relationships with any ad server companies. We do, however, advertise on Google's adwords and Yahoo's Sponsored Search. Both of these companies may set a cookie on your computer when you click on one of our ads. This allows us to determine if the ad is effective or not.
From time to time, we may use customer information for new, unanticipated uses not previously disclosed in our privacy notice. If our information practices change at some time in the future we will post the policy changes to our Web site to notify you of these changes and provide you with the ability to opt out of these new uses. If you are concerned about how your information is used, you should check back at our Web site periodically.
Upon reasonable request we can provide site visitors with access to information that we have collected and that we maintain about them. Consumers can have this information corrected by sending us e-mail at the above address.
With respect to security: When we transfer and receive certain types of sensitive information such as financial information, we redirect visitors to a secure server, you will know that you are in a secure part of the site by looking for the lock symbol in the lower right corner of your computer screen or by looking at the url address (it will begin with https instead of http). We have appropriate security measures in place in our physical facilities to protect against the loss, misuse or alteration of information that we have collected from you at our site.
If you feel that this site is not following its stated information policy, you may contact us at the above addresses or phone number.
Please see our Terms and Conditions for further information.
Copyright 2020, AT&S Artistic Tile & Stone, Inc, All Rights Reserved