https://www.footpetals.com/privacy-policy
Menu
Shoe Inserts
Category
Shop All Inserts
Arch Support
Ball of Foot
Back of Heel
Bottom of Heel
Insoles
Narrow Feet
Spot Cushioning
Featured
Best Sellers
Kits & Sets
Poron
Technogel
Shoe Solutions
Category
Shop All Solutions
Boots & Booties
Flats & Casual
Heels & Sling Backs
Sandals & Flip Flops
Sneakers
Featured
Product Finder
Tips for the Perfect Fit
Footwear
Kits & Sets
Shoe Care
Category
Shoe Cleaner
Shoe Protection
Shoe Refresher
Wedding
Category
For the Bride
Bridal Party
Mother of the BrideWedding Guest
Account
Support
Call:888.237.3668Email:service@footpetals.com
Account
Home
Privacy & Security
Privacy Policy
This Stable Step, LLC. Privacy Policy ("Privacy Policy") describes how we collect and use your information through a variety of digital means. By accessing or using this website or other Stable Step, LLC. product or service on any computer, mobile phone, tablet, console or other device (collectively, "Device"), you consent to our Privacy Policy. Stable Step, LLC. may modify this Privacy Policy at any time and the changes will be effective when the revised policy is posted here. Your continued use of our products and services constitutes your acceptance to this Privacy Policy and any updates. This Privacy Policy is incorporated into, and is subject to, the Terms of Use.
In addition to describing our practices in this Privacy Policy we will also endeavor to provide information about our practices at certain meaningful times when you use our various Stable Step services.
COLLECTING INFORMATION
WHAT YOU GIVE US
Information we collect from you may include, but is not limited to, your name, image, birth date, email and physical address, telephone number, gender, contact lists, social media information and profile, location (GPS) information, activity and performance information, and when necessary, credit card information.
WHAT WE COLLECT FROM YOU
We may automatically collect information regarding your interaction with, and use of, our products and services. Information we may collect includes, but is not limited to, your telephone number, Device identifier and hardware information, IP address, browser type and language, cookie information, system type, whether you have enabling software to access certain features, access times, referring website URLs, information about your purchases and other information about your interactions with us.
CHILDREN'S PRIVACY
We do not knowingly collect or solicit personal information from children under 13.
COLLECTION TOOLS
HOW WE COLLECT INFORMATION
Stable Step automatically collects information within our products and services or stored by your browser or Device. We use a variety of methods to collect this information, including, but not limited to, cookies and pixel tags/web beacons ("Collection Tools").
TURNING OFF COLLECTION TOOLS
Most browsers offer instructions on how to manage, control, and delete cookies in the Help section of the toolbar. You can also manually delete cookies from your computers. If you turn off certain Collection Tools, you may not have access to many features that make your experience more efficient and some of our services and features may not function properly. Note that our websites may not recognize or respond to Do Not Track (DNT) headers from web browsers.
USING INFORMATION
We may use your information to do the following:
ENABLE YOUR USE
- Enhance, customize and personalize your experiences and communications
OPERATE, IMPROVE AND ANALYZE
- Operate, provide, improve and maintain Stable Step's products and services, including analyzing user behavior and trends- Send you administrative messages and other information. Communicate with you about your purchase, program participation, account information or customer service
PROVIDE AND CONDUCT MARKETING AND PROMOTIONS
- Communicate with you about our products, services and events, and for other promotional purposes- Administer contests, promotions, events, surveys or other features- Display relevant marketing to you
SHARING INFORMATION
THIRD PARTIES
We do not sell, rent, or share your personal information to third parties, except as disclosed in this Privacy Policy.
THIRD-PARTY SITES
Our websites may contain links to third-party websites. Any information that you provide when using a third-party website is subject to that third-party's policies and practices. Stable Step is not responsible for information you provide directly to a third-party and we encourage you to review the privacy policy of each linked site before sharing personal information.
SERVICE PROVIDERS
We may transfer your information to Stable Step's service providers to conduct our business. For example, they may handle credit card processing, shipping, data management, email distribution, market research, information analysis, and promotions management.
BY LAW OR TO PROTECT RIGHTS
We may disclose information upon governmental request, in response to a court order, when required by law, to enforce our policies, or to protect our or others' rights, property or safety. We may share information to prevent illegal uses of Stable Step's products and services or violations of the Terms of Use, or to defend ourselves against third-party claims. We may also share information with companies assisting in fraud protection or investigation.
BUSINESS TRANSFERS
Your information may be transferred to a third party as a part of our business assets in a sale of a part or all of Stable Step. If this should happen, notice will be provided by posting to the website or other form of communication.
PROTECTING YOUR INFORMATION
Stable Step works to use reasonable security measures to protect the confidentiality and integrity of personal information. For example, personal information maintained in hard copy records may be kept in locked locations or cabinets. We restrict the number of employees who have access to certain personal information. Employees who violate our privacy and security policies are subject to disciplinary action up to and including termination. We require the service providers who have access to your information to maintain the security of your information. We also mandate that our service providers only use the information solely for providing the services we request. We also work to use reasonable safeguards to protect your information in electronic format. For example, your account information is protected by the password you use to access your online account, so please keep this password confidential. When you enter your information online on certain pages, we use Secure Sockets Layer (SSL) software, which encrypts your information during transmission over the internet.
We cannot ensure or guaranty the security of your information, so any information you provide to us is done at your own risk.
CHOICES
MODIFYING OR DELETING YOUR INFORMATION
You can modify or delete your profile within certain Stable Step services, through your account. Stable Step may keep information and content in our backup files and archives.
COMMUNICATION/UNSUBSCRIBE/OPT-OUT
Regardless of the settings you select, Stable Step may send you service or transaction related communications.
To unsubscribe and stop receiving messages, please change your settings with your account or follow the instructions in the email, text message, notification or other message type. If you have unsubscribed from any Stable Step communications, due to production schedules, you may receive communications already in production.
INTERNATIONAL USERS
Our digital operations are conducted, in whole or in part, in the United States. Regardless of where you live, you consent to have your personal data transferred, processed and stored in the United States, and allow Stable Step to use and collect your personal information in accordance with this Privacy Policy.
TERMS OF USE
Your use of our products and services, and any disputes arising from them, is subject to this Privacy Policy as well as our Terms of Use. Please visit our Terms of Use, which explains other terms governing the use of our products and services.
QUESTIONS AND CONCERNS
For questions or concerns, please contact Consumer Services/Privacy at: 888.237.3668 or Stable Step, LLC. Consumer Services/Privacy, 961 Seville Rd, Wadsworth, OH 44281.
PRIVACY POLICY CHANGES
This privacy policy was posted and is effective as of 2/1/2020. It was last updated on 2/4/2020. We may change or add to this privacy policy over time, so please check periodically for updates. When we do so, we will post the revised privacy policy here and it will be effective when posted. If the updates are material, we may also provide notice of the change by e-mail or another method on our websites.
Customer Service
frequently asked questions
customer service FAQ
accessibility statement
shipping & order status
shipping methods & costs
check order status
change or cancel order
item availability
international inquires
payment information
payment methods
sales tax
promotions & discounts
returns & exchanges
returns & exchanges
refunds
my account
sign in
create an account
warranty
warranty
retailers
testimonials
authorized retailers
become a retailer
legal
terms of use
privacy policy
become a retailer
internet advertising policy
contact us
© 2020 Foot Petals. All rights reserved. Stable Step LLC. Terms of use Privacy Trademarks Internet Advertising policy