http://www.abc-i.com/InfoPages/terms-conditions.htm
abc-i.com
division of
ABC Company, LLC
OFFICE EQUIPMENT AT VERY COMPETITIVE PRICES
OUR CUSTOMERS |
ABOUT US |
CONTACT US |
HOW TO ORDER |
BRANDS
|
HOME
Sound-proof Covers
Tabbers
Text Stampers
Time & Attendance
Time Stampers
Transcript Validators
Watchman Products
WE GLADLY ACCEPT
Government Purchase OrdersSchool Purchase Orders
Please read our Terms and Conditions at this link prior to placing an order. Thank you.
Shipping
Warranties
Our Location Map
Secure Order Form
Our Customers Say
Why prices are low
.
Business Policies, Terms & Conditions
By
placing an order with ABC-I.COM , Customer consents to and agrees to abide by the
following Terms and Conditions.
Prices:  All prices
shown on this website are "CASH DISCOUNT PRICES" and reflect a
discount of 3% for cash payment by company check or bank money order. The use of
a credit card or payment by government agencies on NET 30 terms do not qualify
for a cash discount.  Therefore, all amounts paid via credit card or NET 30
terms do not receive the 3% cash discount. The 3% cash discount will be
added back on your invoice.
We do not feel it is fair for those who pay on credit terms or
with credit cards, to get the same price as those who pre-pay cash.
All prices are
subject to change. Occasionally some products, prices, manufacturer promotions or offers
change before we are able to update  the information on this Web Site. In the event of an unexpected cost increase or other change, we will contact you to
determine whether you
still want
your order at the new price or cancel your order. We reserve the right to decline the acceptance of any
orders. All
posted prices are for WEB SITE ORDERS ONLY and do not include delivery,
installation, programming, operator training, or loaner machines during warranty
service. All prices are in U.S. dollars.
Errors:
We are not responsible for any errors on our
website.  If we make an error in images, description or price of a product,
we will give the customer the option to cancel his order upon notification of
the correct information.
Payment:  All
orders are to be pre-paid by company check or money order, Visa or Master Card or
direct transfer to our bank.  NET 30 days credit
terms are given only to government agencies and schools.
Customer Credit Card Charges:
Customers desiring to use a charge card will have an invoice emailed to
them.  We require the person, whose name is on the face of the card, to
sign the invoice authorizing us to charge the card. As soon as we receive the
signed authorization back, we will process the order.  If necessary, Customer authorizes
to charge their Credit Card for any Restocking,
or other charges, in addition to the cost of the products to
include shipping charges for any product returned.
Minimum Order Handling Charge:   Most
of our products are drop shipped directly to you from the manufacturer. A handling charge
may be added to some orders under under certain total amounts, as required by the manufacture.
Such minimum order charges, if applicable,  are noted on product pages..  Shipping Charges:  Appropriate
shipping charges will be added to each order. Some heavy equipment requires
shipping via truck freight. See SHIPPING for
details.
Delivery Time:  Most
orders are filled and shipped within 48 hours of receipt of payment. Check
pre-payment orders without established account will ship upon check
clearance. We use Regular UPS GroundTrac delivery, although Second Day, Next
Day, or any other carrier may be requested at an additional fee.
Service Charges:
A $20.00 handling charge will be placed on all returned checks.
Tax:  Appropriate
sales tax will be added to all orders from customers located withing the
state of Indiana.. We do not collect sales tax from customers located in a
state, such as California, that levies sales tax on products shipped from a
warehouse located in their state to a customer located within their state.
Those taxes are the customer's responsibility to declare and pay direct to that
state. .
Availability:
We strive to fill orders as quickly as possible, however we cannot always guarantee availability.
Most items are drop shipped direct from the manufacturer's wharehouse. .
If an item is out of stock, please allow additional time for delivery.
You will be notified if this occurs.
Warranty:
ABC
makes no warranty of any kind with respect to
the information posted on this Web Site. While
we make every
effort to ensure the accuracy of the data, this Web Site could include
typographical errors and technical inaccuracies. In addition, photos may
not represent actual products. All
technical specifications are supplied by the manufacturer.
Manufacturer Warranties:
Manufacturer warranties apply to your
purchase.
ABC-I.COM
disclaims all other warranties including but not
limited to warranties of merchantability and fitness for a particular
purpose.
Liabilities:  In no event shall
ABC-I.COM
be liable for any damages
caused by any product or failure of such product to perform, whether or
not advised of the possibility of such damage and regardless of the theory
of liability pursuant to which such damages may be sought.
Returns:  Product returns are subject to Manufacturer Restrictions. Not all
products are eligible for return. Customer agrees to follow the
policy to request a Return Merchandise Authorization Number
(RMA#) from
ABC-I.COM. before attempting to return any products. (See
Return Policy & Procedures
below for more details).
Claims:  If Customer makes any claims against
ABC-I.COM, Customer agrees that the venue for such claims will be in the County of
Hamilton, Indiana, USA.
Links to Third Party Sites:
We are not responsible for the content or operation of
any third party site. We do not
endorse the site or have any association with its operators. You
are responsible for viewing and abiding by the privacy statements and terms of
use posted at the Linked Sites.
Any dealings with third parties (including advertisers) included within the
site or participation in promotions, including the delivery of and the
payment for goods and services, and any other terms, conditions, warranties or
representations associated with such dealings or promotions, are solely between
you and the advertiser or other third party.  We shall not be responsible
or liable for any part of any such dealings or promotions.
Privacy Policy:  All information
submitted to
will be kept confidential.  It will be used
only  to process orders and conduct business with the owners of the
information.  It will not be exchanged or sold to third parties.
Trade Marks:  Trade
names, trade marks, service marks, service names and product images used on this website are the property of their respective owners and are
used for reference only.
Return Policy & Procedures
Dead On Arrival (DOA) Hardware Returns:  DOA is defined as products which are inoperable upon first installation.
DOA products may be returned within
15 days from the date of invoice
subject to Manufacturer Restrictions, and to the
. Return
Procedures listed below.
Warranty Products:  Products that fail after being put into use are
defined as defective and must be handled under the Manufacturer's
Warranty Program. Customer agrees to contact the Manufacturer to
arrange for the Warranty Handling of Defective Products and accepts all
responsibility for any costs incurred as a result of this process.
Most manufacturer's require they be given an opportunity to repair or replace
any defective merchandise.
Un-Opened Products:
Un-opened  Products in their original factory-sealed container
may be returned within
15 days from the date of invoice for a credit or
exchange after receiving an Return Merchandise Authorization (RMA) from
.  Refunds are subject to a 15%
to 25% re-stocking fee, depending on manufacturer. .
Opened Hardware Products:
Opened Hardware Products may be returned within
15 days from the
date of invoice for credit or exchange, although such returns will be charged a 15%
to 25% restocking
fee, depending on manufacturer. Opened products must be received in re-saleable condition, in the
manufacturer's original box or packaging, have original UPC codes and
contain 100% of original contents (i.e., manuals, disks, accessories, blank
warranty/registration cards, etc.)
Open Box Specials and Closeout Specials:
Open Box Specials and Closeout Specials. Some products that have
been returned by a customer are in brand new condition but cannot be
sold as new. They have been inspected by an
technician to
determine if they are in complete working order, with all parts and
information intact. These products are designated as Open Box or Closeout
Specials. If a Customer buys any of these products the Customer agrees
that any "Open Box Special" or "Closeout Special" product purchased from
is not returnable.
Special Order Items:
ABC-I.COM will not accept any Special Order
Items for return.
Product Compatibility:
ABC-I.COM is not responsible for product
compatibility and Customer
agrees that any product compatibility problems
will be subject to Manufacturer's Return Policies.
Damaged Shipments:  If you are in the Continental U.S. and receive a shipping carton from a package
carrier (UPS, Federal Express or another recognized
commercial carrier) that
shows obvious damage, then refuse the shipment and contact
the carrier immediately. If upon opening a shipping carton, you discover
concealed damages, then contact the carrier immediately to arrange for
inspection. In both cases, it is the carrier that will be responsible for
repair or replacement of products damaged in shipment.
Return Procedures:  All returns require an
Return Merchandise Authorization Number
(RMA#). You can request an RMA#
here.
Returns received
without a valid RMA# will be
refused. Original shipping charges
are not refunded on returned items.
When you submit your request, please allow up to one business day (Monday
through Friday) for us to review your information. We will promptly reply with an
e-mail containing either your RMA number, a request for additional information that
will help us to better process your return, or a return request denial.
In the email that contains your RMA number, you will also receive an address
of the manufacuturer to
where your package must be returned.
The RMA number is valid for 10 calendar
days, which means the package must be received at the return address within 10
calendar days of the RMA issue date. Returns received beyond 10 calendar days
from the RMA issue date will be
refused. RMA numbers cannot
be extended or re-issued.
When shipping your return, make sure that the item you are returning is packed
within a sturdy shipping carton to prevent damage. We recommend that you insure
your return shipment in case it is lost or damaged, and you use a carrier that can
provide proof of delivery. You are responsible for all shipping charges on returned
items and any damages in transit.
Prominently display the RMA number on the outside of the package being
returned. Note:
Do not write on or apply any labels directly to manufacturer boxes
or original product packaging surfaces.
No credit, refund, replacement or no-charge repair will be made until the
merchandise is inspected by
us or the manufacturer.
If a product is deemed not  re-salable and the product is sent back to the customer and
the customer refuses
to accept it back or returns the product a second time
without our
prior authorization, the customer agrees to relinquish all right
and title to and waive all claims against
for credit charges related to such
products.
Return
to Top
Thanks for visiting abc-i.com. Come back soon
DON'T FORGET TO BOOKMARK OUR
WEBSITE !
HOME |
ABOUT US |
CONTACT US |
BRANDS |
OUR CUSTOMERS |
CUSTOMER COMMENTS |
SITE MAP
Copyright © 1998-2020 ABC Company LLC. All Rights Reserved. Created: December 08, 1998  -  Revised:
05/01/2020
Privacy Policy |
Trademarks |
Terms & Conditions of Service