http://www.golfballguide.com/golf_ball_guide_privacy.htm
Privacy Statement for GolfBallGuide.com
This privacy policy was updated on 1/26/20 and is applicable to all the users
of the website.
This privacy statement is offered to demonstrate our clear and steadfast commitment to the privacy of personal info provided by visitors to and those interacting with GolfBallGuide.com.
We recognize the importance of protecting your privacy and our policy is designed to assist you in understanding how we collect, use and safeguard the personal info you provide to us. We also desire to help you in making informed decisions when using our website.
This policy will be continuously assessed against new technologies, good business practices and our visitor's needs.
What Information Do We Collect?: When you visit any of our websites, you may provide us with two types of information: personal information you knowingly choose to disclose that is collected on an individual basis, and website use information collected on an aggregate basis as you and other visitors browse the pages of GolfBallGuide.com.
1. Personal Information You Choose to Provide
Registration Information: When you register or subscribe for any of our products, services or newsletters (Special Reports) you may choose to provide us with information about yourself.
Email Information: If you choose to correspond with us through email, we may retain your name, the content of your email messages together with your email address and our responses. We provide the same protections for these types of electronic communications that we employ in the maintenance of info received by regular mail and telephone.
2. Website Use Information
Similar to other commercial websites, our website utilizes a well recognized technology called "cookies" (see explanation below, "Cookies Definition") and web server log files to collect information about how our website is being used. Information gathered through cookies and web server logs may include the date and time of visits, the pages that were viewed, time spent at our website, geographical info related to visitors, and the websites visited just before and just after our site.
How Do We Use the Information That You Provide to Us?: Generally speaking, we use personal information for purposes of administering our business activities, providing the products and services you request, to process a payment, to monitor the use of the service, our marketing and promotional efforts and improve our content and service offerings, and customize our site's content, layout, services and for other lawful purposes. These uses improve our site and better tailor it to meet your needs. Furthermore, such information may be shared with others on an aggregate basis. Personally identifiable information or business information will not be shared with parties except in the event it is required by law.
Personal Information Access: GolfBallGuide.com will grant you a reasonable period to review the personal info in your file by sending a request in writing to: GolfBallGuide.com, c/o Instant Golf® LLC, 1 Craven Lane, #6875, Lawrenceville, NJ 08675.
Occasionally, we may also use the information we collect to notify you about important changes to our website, new services, and special offers we think you will find valuable. You may notify us at any time if you do not wish to receive these offers by emailing us at the link provided on the website/newsletter, or by clicking the unsubscribe link in the contact email/newsletter.
Cookies Definition: A cookie is a very small text document, which often includes an anonymous unique identifier. When you visit a Web site, the referring site's computer asks your computer for permission to store this file in a part of your hard drive specifically designated for cookies. Each website can send its own cookie to your browser if your browser's preferences allow it, but (to protect your privacy) your browser only permits a website to access the cookies it has already sent to you, not the cookies sent to you by other sites. By default, most browsers are usually set to accept cookies. However, if you decide you do not want to receive cookies, you may alter the configuration of your browser to refuse cookies. If you choose to have your browser refuse cookies, it is quite possible that some areas of our site will not function as effectively when viewed by the users. In addition, a cookie cannot retrieve any other data from your hard drive or pass on computer viruses, etc..
The Use of Information We Collect from Cookies: As you visit and browse GolfBallGuide.com, the website uses cookies to differentiate you from other users. In some cases, we also use cookies to prevent you from having to log in more than is necessary for security. Cookies, in conjunction with our Web server's log files, allow us to calculate the aggregate number of website visitors and which parts of the site are the most popular. This helps us gather feedback to constantly improve our website and better serve our visitors and customers. Cookies do not allow us to gather personal information about you and we do not intentionally store any personal info that your browser provided in your cookies.
IP Address Definition: IP addresses are used by your computer every time you are connected to the Internet. Your IP address is a number, used by computers on the network, to help identify your computer. IP addresses are automatically collected by our web server as part of demographic and profile data known as traffic data so that data (such as the Web pages you request) can be directed and sent to your computer.
Sharing and Selling Information: We do not share, sell, lend or lease any of the information that can uniquely identify a subscriber (such as personal details and email addresses) with anyone except to the extent it is required to process transactions and/or provide services that you have requested.
Accessing and Correcting Your Information?: You can request access to all your personally identifiable info that we collect online and store in our database by emailing us at the specified email address.
Legally Compelled Disclosure of Information?: We may disclose information when legally compelled to do so, in other words, when we, in good faith, believe that the law requires it or for the protection of our legal rights. We may also disclose account information when we have reason to believe that disclosing this information is necessary to identify, contact or bring legal action against someone who may be violating our Terms of Service or to protect the safety of our users and the Public.
What About Other Websites Linked to Our Web Site?: We are not responsible for the practices employed by websites linked to or from our websites or the information or content provided at those websites. Often links to other websites are provided merely as pointers to information on topics that may be important to the users of our website.
Please remember that when you use a link to go from our websites to another website, our Privacy Policy is no longer in effect. Your browsing and interaction on any other website, including websites, which have a link on our website, is subject to that website's own rules and policies. Please find and study those websites’ rules and policies before proceeding.
Your Consent: By using our website you consent to our collection and use of your personal information as described in this Privacy Policy. We reserve the right to amend this Privacy Policy at any time with or without notice.
Our Commitment To Data Security: Take note that your information will be stored and processed on computers located primarily, but perhaps not entirely, in the United States. The laws on maintaining personal data in the United States may not be as stringent as the laws of your Country of residence or citizenship. To help prevent unauthorized access, maintain data accuracy, and ensure the correct use of info, we have put in place appropriate physical, electronic, and managerial procedures to help safeguard and secure the info we collect online.
Visitor Choices on Opt-In/Opt-Out: Our websites allow visitors to unsubscribe so that they will not receive any future messages. There is an unsubscribe link in every email you receive from us. After unsubscribing, we will discontinue sending the specified messages as soon as technically viable.
Surveys & Contests: From time-to-time our site may request info from users via surveys or contests. Participation in these surveys or contests is completely voluntary and the user can choose whether or not to disclose this information. Information requested may include contact information (such as name and shipping address), and demographic information (such as zip code, age category). Contact information will be used to notify the winners and award prizes. This survey info will be used for monitoring and/or improving the use and satisfaction of this site.
Note About Children: Children are not eligible to use our website and/or services unsupervised. We insist that children (under the age of 14) do not submit any personal info to us. If you are a minor, you can use this service only in with permission and guidance from your parents or guardians.
Acquisition or Changes in Ownership: In the event that the website (or a substantial portion of its assets) is acquired, your information would be considered part of those assets, and may be part of those assets that are transferred to the new ownership.
Policy Modifications: We may change this Privacy Policy periodically. If and when changes are made, we may email users who have given us permission to do so. We will post any changes here, so you can check back periodically. However, be assured that if this Privacy Policy changes in the future, we will not use the personal info you have submitted to us under this Privacy Policy in a manner that is materially inconsistent with this Privacy Policy, without your prior consent.
Important: This website and its information are provided for informational purposes only. The use of this website, its content, and its products is strictly voluntary on the part of the visitor and those interacting with the website. Site visitors agree to indemnify and hold harmless GolfBallGuide.com and/or the site owners from and against any damages, costs and expenses, including any legal fees, potentially resulting from the application of any of the information provided by GolfBallGuide.com, its products, and/or the site owners. The visitor/reader agrees to assume all personal (including physical and/or mental injury), third party, and property risk resulting from the application of any of the information provided by GolfBallGuide.com, the newsletters/products provided therein, and/or the site owners. By using this website and any of the content provided therein, the visitor agrees that the use of this website, info, and/or newsletter/products is entirely at his or her own risk.