http://www.gboutwell.com/privacy.aspx
Privacy Policy
Effective 11/01/08
This privacy notice discloses the privacy practices for GBOUTWELL.COM. This privacy notice applies solely to information collected by this web site. It will notify you of the following:
What personally
identifiable information is collected from you through the web site,
how it is used and with whom it may be shared.
What choices are available to you regarding the use of your data.
The security procedures in place to protect the misuse of your information.
How you can correct any inaccuracies in the information.
Information Collection, Use, and SharingWe
are the sole owners of the information collected on this site. We only
have access to/collect information that you voluntarily give us via
email or other direct contact from you. We will not sell or rent this
information to anyone. We will use your information to respond
to you, regarding the reason you contacted us. We will not share your
information with any third party outside of our organization, other
than as necessary to fulfill your request, e.g. to ship an order.
Information
collected from you, such as e-mail addresses and phone numbers, is used
by us for the sole purpose of communicating with you about orders you
have placed or questions you have asked.Our E-Mail ListIf you sign up for our e-mail list, we will send you notices when we are appearing at shows in your area. We may also send you a newsletter 2-3 times per year. Our mailing lists are created solely for the purpose of communicating with our subscribers. We never sell lists to other companies, nor do we use our lists to send you unwanted e-mail.It is for this reason we use a double opt-in subscription system; you must actually want to receive our e-mail before we'll send it to you.Don’t worry, I won’t be driving you crazy like some online
newsletters. You will only get this three times a year, because we are
not a big time corporation and do not have a website staff. Since I
need to get some painting done and I also do the website work, you can
see why we won't be beating you to death with online newsletters every
day! I still do the printed version for those who don’t have e-mail and
yes, you will still get our printed catalog in the fall if you are on
our mailing list.
OUR SOLEMN PROMISE!
We will never ever under any circumstances share your name, address,
e-mail address or any other information about you to anyone or any
company for any reason whatsoever! Your business and your trust are
vital to us and we will never violate that trust!
Your Access to and Control Over InformationYou
may opt out of any future contacts from us at any time. You can do the
following at any time by contacting us via the email address or phone
number given on our website:
See what data we have about you, if any.
Change/correct any data we have about you.
Have us delete any data we have about you.
Express any concern you have about our use of your data.
OrdersWe
request information from you on our order form. To buy from us, you
must provide contact information (like name and shipping address) and
financial information (like credit card number, expiration date). This
information is used for billing purposes and to fill your orders. If we
have trouble processing an order, we’ll use this information to contact
you.
CookiesWe
use “cookies” on this site if you use our shopping cart. A cookie is a
piece of data stored on a site visitor’s hard drive to help us improve
your access to our site. We do not use cookies to track and
target the browsing habits of our users. Cookies do not collect or
transmit to us personal information stored on your computer.
SecurityWe
take precautions to protect your information. When you submit sensitive
information via the website, your information is protected both online
and offline.
Wherever we collect sensitive information (such as
credit card data), that information is encrypted and transmitted to us
in a secure way. You can verify this by looking for a closed lock icon
at the bottom of your web browser, or looking for “https” at the
beginning of the address of the web page.
While we use
encryption to protect sensitive information transmitted online, we also
protect your information offline. Only employees who need the
information to perform a specific job (for example, billing or customer
service) are granted access to personally identifiable information. The
computers/servers in which we store personally identifiable information
are kept in a secure environment.
If you feel that we are not
abiding by this privacy policy, you should contact us immediately via
telephone at 254-675-6676 or via email.
HOME
SHOPPING CART
COMPLETE ART CATALOG
PRODUCTS
PRINTS
ORIGINALS
CALENDARS
MATCHED SETS
CARDS
BOOK
GENERAL INFORMATION
ABOUT THE ARTIST
FIND OUR SHOWROOM
SHOW SCHEDULE
NEWSLETTER
CONTACT US
ORDER A CATALOG
JOIN OUR MAILING LIST
||| GEORGE BOUTWELL ||| 3083 Highway 6, Clifton, Texas 76634 ||| 1-800-243-4316 |||
||| PRIVACY POLICY ||| ORDER/SHIPPING INFORMATION |||
Website Copyright ©2008-2020. All images are copyrighted works. All rights reserved.Use of any image on this site for any purpose without express written permission of the artist is prohibited.
SEARCH FOR ART
By TitleBy Subject