https://www.baxterofcalifornia.com/customer-service-user-content-permission-terms.html
Explore our Holiday Gift Guide
Free Shipping on All Orders with Code FREESHIP
Try Our Fragrance Pacific Cannabis with Code PACIFIC
X
Baxter Finley Barber & Shop
Shop
Hair
Pomades & Styling
Shampoo & Conditioner
Combs
Skin
Cleanse
Treat
Hydrate
Shave
Pre-Shave
Razors
Post-Shave
Beard
Body
Body Wash
Soap Bars
Body Lotion
Deodorant
Lifestyle
Fragrance
Candles
Shop All
New
Exclusive Sets
Travel
Holiday Gifts
Read
The Blog
Tips & How-To's
Hair Styling
Skin Care
Shaving
Baxter Finley Barber & Shop
About
Our Story
The Culture
Collaborations
Find A Shop
Visit
Visit
Learn More
My Cart
My Account
Sign Up
Search
Bag:
0
Your Baxter of California shopping bag is empty. Shop now to find your favorite Baxter of California products.
YOUR CART WAS UPDATED
Continue shopping
GO TO CART
Login
Search
Go
Home
Customer Service
User Content Permission Terms
USER CONTENT PERMISSION TERMS
We love hearing from you and when you share it with us.
These User Content Permission Terms, together with our Privacy Policy and general site terms of use apply if you upload content (e.g. pictures or reviews) to our sites, hashtags, social pages or if you respond “yes” to a request by us to re-use your content.
These User Content Permission Terms provide your consent to Baxter of California and our parent, L’Oreal, affiliates and third party providers (collectively “Baxter of California”) as follows:
You grant Baxter of California a worldwide, royalty-free, non-exclusive, transferable right to use your video(s), photo(s) and/or other content posted online (e.g. Instagram, Facebook, Twitter, or other platform) in addition to those you have tagged with #baxterofcalifornia or a Baxter of California campaign hashtag together with your social media handle, social media user name, profile picture, caption and location information you may have included in your content (“User Content”) in any media, including but not limited to on its webpages, social media pages and other digital media, newsletters, retailer sites, third party sites, print materials, in-store materials, television and other broadcast media, for its marketing and/or its advertising. Baxter of California may use, reproduce, modify, delete in its entirety, adapt, publish, translate, create derivative works in any manner in its sole discretion.
You represent and warrant that you own all rights in and to User Content, you have permission from any person(s) appearing in User Content to grant the rights herein, you are not a minor.
The User Content it is a true and accurate expression of your honest belief based on use of Baxter of California products and that you have and will disclose receipt of any free product or incentives in exchange for providing User Content.
You hereby release, discharge and agree to hold Baxter of California and any person acting on Baxter of California’ behalf harmless from any liability related in any way with the User Content.
You consent to Baxter of California’s collection of any personal information you provide, and Baxter of California’s use and disclosure of that personal information in connection with the use of your User Content as described above.
Your personal information may be transferred to or accessible all over the world, and may be shared with affiliates or other trusted third parties working on Baxter of California’s behalf.
By posting User Content with any Hashtag(s) or otherwise providing Baxter of California with personal information, you agree to such collection, use, disclosure, transfer and processing of your information in accordance with these Permission Terms, Baxter of California’s Privacy Policy, and applicable data protection laws and regulations.
Root Foler 2
root folder1
Customer Service
Orders
Returns & Exchanges
FAQs | Baxter of California
Privacy Policy
Sweepstakes
Manage Auto-Replenishment
Contact Us
Contact Us
Need Help?
Give us a call at the number below or fill out the Contact Us form.
Monday - Friday
6am–4pm PST (9am–7pm EST)
Toll Free (800) 421-3614
Shop
HairSkin
Shave
Shower
Lifestyle
Read
Hair Styling
Skin Care
Shaving
Baxter of California
Customer Service
Contact us
Find A Shop
Baxter Finley Barber & Shop
Go
This sign up is for US consumers. By registering, your information will be collected and used in the US subject to our US Privacy Policy and Terms and Conditions for this website, and you are verifying that you are 13 years of age or older. By signing up, I agree to receive emails from Baxter of California and other L'Oréal brands and programs. Non-US consumers should visit the country website serving their region.
© Baxter of California 2020
This site is intended for US consumers. Cookies and related technology are used for advertising. To learn more, visit AdChoices and our privacy policy.
Cookie Settings
User Content Permission Terms
Terms & Conditions
Security Policy
Return Policy
We're sorry, this item is currently out of stock.
Please enter your email address below and we will send you a notification when this item becomes available.
This item will automatically be removed from your cart after you submit your email.
Submit
Continue Shopping