http://www.cajuncrawfish.com/privacy-policy/
888-254-8626
Email
My Account
0 Items
1. Our Commitment To Privacy
Your privacy is a crucial to Frugé Aquafarms, Inc. keeping your business and operating with your confidence is paramount in continuing to protect you as our customer. To show our dedication to your privacy we provide this notice explaining our online information practices and the choices you can make about the way your information is collected and used. We have placed a link to this information on every page our Web site and at every point where personally identifiable information may be requested.
2. The Information We Collect:
This notice applies to all information collected or submitted on the Frugé Aquafarms, Inc. Web site. On some pages, you can order products, make requests, and register to receive promotional or other materials. Frugé Aquafarms, Inc. can only collect what information you provide.
In order to provide you with an efficient, expedient and customized buying experience, we may collect various forms of personally identifiable information and non-personally identifiable information while you use our Web site.
a) Personally identifiable information refers to the information that tells the us who you are when you visit us as a repeat visitor that has supplied personal information in a prior visit or interaction with us. You may provide information in various ways, buying through our Web site, registering for promotions or contests, filling out surveys, or subscribing to resourceful or promotional mailings. This information might include your name, billing address, shipping address, telephone number, e-mail address, credit card or other payment information, and product details. With this information, Frugé Aquafarms, Inc. is able to fill your orders and better provide you with personalized services.
b) Non-personally identifiable information refers to information that does not of itself identify a specific individual. We can gather certain information about visitors based upon where they shop on our site in several ways. This information is compiled and analyzed on an aggregated basis. We may employ various methods of visitor analysis to better serve our customers’ product visibility, use, and dissemination of information.
In some instances, you can submit information about other people. For example, if you order a gift online and want it sent directly to the recipient, you will need to submit the recipient’s address. This information is only kept for express purpose of shipping and order fulfillment and kept only in your records. Information provided about other people for personal notification are not stored or collected. For example, if you tell a friend about a product or service through an email form on our site Web directly to a recipient through e-mail, their information is not stored.
3. The Way We Use Information
We use the information you provide about yourself when placing an order only to complete that order. We do not share this information with outside parties except to the extent necessary to complete that order.
We use the information you provide about someone else when placing an order only to ship the product and to confirm delivery. We do not share this information with outside parties except to the extent necessary to complete that order.
We offer gift-cards by which you can personalize a product you order for another person. Information you provide to us to create a gift-card is only used for that purpose, and it is only disclosed to the person receiving the gift.
We use return email addresses to answer the email we receive. Such addresses are not used for any other purpose and are not shared with outside parties.
You can register with our website if you would like to receive our catalog as well as updates on our new products and services. Information you submit on our website will not be used for this purpose unless you fill out the registration form.
We can send promotional offers to selected groups of Frugé Aquafarms, Inc. customers on behalf of other businesses, affiliates, and partners. When we do this, we do not give that business your name and address. We make you aware of this and provide opt-out ability for each instance that this may occur. You may choose to provide information to these third parties at which time your information is not under our control.
We use non-personally identifiable information and aggregate information to better design our Web site and enhance display features, and we would not disclose anything that could be used to identify those individuals.
We use encrypted information stored in cookies only known to us to provide some features of our Web site throughout the purchase process. There is no personally identifiable information stored nor able to be accessed or understood outside of this Web site and its systems.
Finally, we never use or share the personally identifiable information provided to us online in ways unrelated to the ones described above without also providing you an opportunity to opt-out or otherwise prohibit such unrelated uses.
4. Our Commitment To Data Security
To prevent unauthorized access, maintain data accuracy, and ensure the correct use of information, we have put in place appropriate physical, electronic, and managerial procedures to safeguard and secure the information we collect online.
* We work to protect the security of your information during transmission by using Secure Sockets Layer (SSL) software, which encrypts information you input.    * We reveal only the last five digits of your credit card numbers when confirming an order. Of course, we transmit the entire credit card number to the appropriate credit card company during order processing.    * It is important for you to protect against unauthorized access to your password and to your computer. Be sure to sign off when finished using a shared computer.
5. Our Commitment To Children’s Privacy:
Protecting the privacy of the children is especially important. For that reason, we never collect or maintain information at our website from those we actually know are under 13, and no part of our website is structured to attract anyone under 13. Children under the age of 13 are NOT to use nor make purchases on this Web site.
6. How You Can Access Or Correct Your Information
You can access all your personally identifiable information that we collect online and maintain by signing in with your email address and password to manage your account, as well as providing your email contact address to opt-out of any future communications. We use this procedure to better safeguard your information.
You can correct factual errors in your personally identifiable information by sending us a request that credibly shows error.
To protect your privacy and security, we will also take reasonable steps to verify your identity before granting access or making corrections.
7. How To Contact Us
If you have other questions or concerns about these privacy policies, please call us at 1-888-254-8626 or send us an email at info@cajuncrawfish.com.
Live crawfish season may be over, but our WHOLE COOKED CRAWFISH are a great alternative!
Learn More
×