http://www.hinkyimport.com/privacy-policy/
Loading... Please wait...
Follow us on:
My Account
Order Status
Wish Lists
Gift Certificates
Sign in or Create an account
Toll Free No.
1-866-446-5988
Advanced Search
Search Tips
Home
Blog
Contact Us
Glossary
Wholesale
Newsletter
How To Use A Singing BowlNew EarringsOm Symbol Tibetan JewelryPrayer Beads, a SummaryThe Art of Making Lokta PaperThe Mandala SetTibetan Buddhist ArtTibetan Buddhist Prayer Flags, Uses and MeaningsTibetan Singing Bowls in MeditationChina BooksPhurba Dagger- The Tibetan Buddhist Ritual InstrumentThe Kalachakra Tantra and MantraWho is the Chinese Happy Buddha?Tibetan Buddhist MeditationThe Connection Between Buddhism and WisdomGuan YinGuan Yin Buddha in Chinese Buddhism
View Cart
Our Categories
Tibetan Singing Bowls
Hand-Hammered Singing Bowls
Black Singing Bowls
Blue and Purple Singing Bowls
Green Singing Bowls
Red Singing Bowls
Brown Singing Bowls
Silver Singing Bowls
Brass Singing Bowls
Singing Bowl Gift Sets
Singing Bowl Accessories
Tibetan Jewelry
Tibetan Pendants
Handmade Beaded Bracelets
Jade Jewelry
Jade Earrings
Jade Bracelets
Jewelry Accessories
Sterling Silver Bracelets
Tibetan Necklaces
Tibetan Earrings
Tibetan Bracelets
Tibetan Rings
Tibetan Prayer Boxes, Gau
Prayer Beads
Prayer Flags and Fabrics
Thangkas, Hand-Painted
Meditation and Ritual Products
Buddha Statues
Thangkas
Tingshas
Buddhist Art
Candleholders
Conch Shells, Sankhas
Copper Horns
Copper and Brass Wall Hangings
Tibetan Statues
Tibetan Locks
Wood Wall Hangings
Buddhist Posters
Coffee Mugs
Bells, Dorjes, Phurbas
Buddhist Books
Hemp Hats
Hemp Wallets
Hemp and Wool Bags
Incense
Incense Burners
Pashmina Scarves
Loose Beads
Prayer Wheels
Stationery and Blank Books
Tibetan Lanterns
Tibetan Masks
Tibetan Rugs
Tibetan Furniture
New Products
Wholesale Products
Learn about Buddhism
Akshobhya Buddha
The Medicine Buddha, Bhaisajyaguru
The Green Tara- The Mother of All Buddhas
Padmasambhava Buddha, Born of the Lotus
Dorje Chang
Achi Chokyi Drolma
Guru Rinpoche
The White Tara, Deity of Longevity and Compassion
Om Mani Padme Hum, the Mantra of Avalokitesvara
Sign up for Our Newsletter
HomePrivacy Policy
Privacy Policy
Hinkyimport.com has created this privacy statement in order to demonstrate our firm commitment to privacy. The following discloses the information gathering and dissemination practices for our Web site.
Information Automatically Logged
We use your IP address to help diagnose problems with our server and to administer our Web site. The information collected is used to identify visitor trends and to tailor our site to best suit the needs of our users.
Cookies
Our site does not use cookies.
Security
This site has security measures in place to protect the loss, misuse, and alteration of the information under our control. All information collected is sent through SSL (Secure Socket Layer) encryption. Credit Card information is only used to charge our customers for the products and services they purchase from us. We do not retain credit card information.
Notification of Changes If we decide to change our privacy policy, we will post those changes to this privacy statement, the homepage, and other places we deem appropriate so our users are always aware of what information we collect, how we use it, and under what circumstances, if any, we disclose it. If, however, we are going to use users’ personally identifiable information in a manner different from that stated at the time of collection we will notify users by posting a notice on our Web site for 30 days.
Contacting the Web Site
If you have any questions about this privacy statement, the practices of this site, or your dealings with this Web site, you can contact: admin@hinkyimport.com or call 1-866-446-5988
About Us
Who are we?
Sitemap
Submit Testimonial
Customer Care
Shipping Info
FAQ
Privacy Policy
TOS
Connect With Us
Payment Options
© 2020 Hinkyimport.com. All rights reserved.