https://www.darlenekaplan.com/about-darlene-kaplan/privacy-policy/
Who we are
Our website address is: https://www.darlenekaplan.com.
PRIVACY POLICY
Protecting your private information is our priority. This Statement of Privacy applies to Soft Brush Studio and governs data collection and usage. For the purposes of this Privacy Policy, unless otherwise noted, all references to Soft Brush Studio. The Soft Brush Studio website is a Fine Art and ecommerce site. By using this website, you consent to the data practices described in this statement.
Collection of your Personal Information
In order to better provide you with products and services offered on our Site, Soft Brush Studio may collect personally identifiable information, such as your:
First and Last Name
Mailing Address
Email Address
Phone Number
If you purchase Soft Brush Studio’s products and services, we collect billing and credit card information. This information is used to complete the purchase transaction.
We do not collect any personal information about you unless you voluntarily provide it to us. However, you may be required to provide certain personal information to us when you elect to use certain products or services available on the Site. These may include: (a) registering for an account on our Site; (b) entering a sweepstakes or contest sponsored by us or one of our partners; (c) signing up for special offers from selected third parties; (d) sending us an email message or leaving a review or comment; (e) signing-up for our mailing list; (f) submitting your credit card or other payment information when ordering and purchasing products and services on our Site. To wit, we will use your information for, but not limited to, communicating with you in relation to services and/or products you have requested from us. We also may gather additional personal or non-personal information in the future.
Who on our team has access
Members of our team have access to the information you provide us. For example, both Administrators and Office Manager can access:
Order information like what was purchased, when it was purchased and where it should be sent, and
Customer information like your name, email address, and billing and shipping information.
Our team members have access to this information to help fulfill orders, process refunds and support you.
Use of your Personal Information
Soft Brush Studio collects and uses your personal information to operate its website(s) and deliver the services you have requested.
Soft Brush Studio may also use your personally identifiable information to inform you of other products or services available from Soft Brush Studio and its affiliates.
Sharing Information with Third Parties
Soft Brush Studio does not sell, rent or lease its customer lists to third parties.
Soft Brush Studio may share data with trusted partners to help perform statistical analysis,  process payments, send you email or postal mail, provide customer support, or arrange for deliveries. All such third parties are prohibited from using your personal information except to provide these services to Soft Brush Studio, and they are required to maintain the confidentiality of your information.
Soft Brush Studio’s online shop is powered by WooCommerce. Please see WooCommerce Privacy Policy for more details.
We accept payments through Paypal. When processing payments, some of your data will be passed to Paypal, including information required to process or support the payment, such as the purchase total and billing information.
Orders are shipped through USPS. Our mailing labels are generated through stamps.com. Please see the stamps.com Privacy Policy for more details.
Soft Brush Studio may disclose your personal information, without notice, if required to do so by law or in the good faith belief that such action is necessary to: (a) conform to the edicts of the law or comply with legal process served on Soft Brush Studio or the site; (b) protect and defend the rights or property of Soft Brush Studio; and/or (c) act under exigent circumstances to protect the personal safety of users of Soft Brush Studio, or the public.
Tracking User Behavior
Soft Brush Studio may keep track of the websites and pages our users visit within Soft Brush Studio, in order to determine what Soft Brush Studio services are the most popular and products you’ve viewed. This data is used to deliver customized content and advertising within Soft Brush Studio to customers whose behavior indicates that they are interested in a particular subject area.
Embedded content from other websites
Pages on this site may include embedded content (e.g. videos, images, articles, etc.). Embedded content from other websites behaves in the exact same way as if the visitor has visited the other website.
These websites may collect data about you, use cookies, embed additional third-party tracking, and monitor your interaction with that embedded content, including tracing your interaction with the embedded content if you have an account and are logged in to that website.
Automatically Collected Information
Information about your computer hardware and software may be automatically collected by Soft Brush Studio. This information can include: your IP address, browser type, domain names, access times and referring website addresses. This information is used for the operation of the service, to maintain quality of the service, and to provide general statistics regarding use of the Soft Brush Studio website.
Use of Cookies
The Soft Brush Studio website may use “cookies” to help you personalize your online experience. A cookie is a text file that is placed on your hard disk by a web page server. Cookies cannot be used to run programs or deliver viruses to your computer. Cookies are uniquely assigned to you, and can only be read by a web server in the domain that issued the cookie to you.
One of the primary purposes of cookies is to provide a convenience feature to save you time. The purpose of a cookie is to tell the Web server that you have returned to a specific page. For example, if  you register with Soft Brush Studio site or services, a cookie helps Soft Brush Studio to recall your specific information on subsequent visits. This simplifies the process of recording your personal information, such as billing addresses, shipping addresses, and so on. When you return to the same Soft Brush Studio website, the information you previously provided can be retrieved, so you can easily use the Soft Brush Studio features that you customized.
You have the ability to accept or decline cookies. Most Web browsers automatically accept cookies, but you can usually modify your browser setting to decline cookies if you prefer. If you choose to decline cookies, you may not be able to fully experience the interactive features of the Soft Brush Studio services or websites you visit.
Links
This website contains links to other sites. Please be aware that we are not responsible for the content or privacy practices of such other sites. We encourage our users to be aware when they leave our site and to read the privacy statements of any other site that collects personally identifiable information.
Security of your Personal Information
Soft Brush Studio secures your personal information from unauthorized access, use, or disclosure. Soft Brush Studio uses the following methods for this purpose:
– SSL Protocol
– SG Site Scanner Malware Monitoring
When personal information (such as a credit card number) is transmitted to other websites, it is protected through the use of encryption, such as the Secure Sockets Layer (SSL) protocol.
SG Site Scanner is a malware detection and early warning system, powered by Sucuri – one of the leading providers of malware and blacklist scan services.
We strive to take appropriate security measures to protect against unauthorized access to or alteration of your personal information. Unfortunately, no data transmission over the Internet or any wireless network can be guaranteed to be 100% secure. As a result, while we strive to protect your personal information, you acknowledge that: (a) there are security and privacy limitations inherent to the Internet which are beyond our control; and (b) security, integrity, and privacy of any and all information and data exchanged between you and us through this Site cannot be guaranteed.
Children Under Thirteen
Soft Brush Studio does not knowingly collect personally identifiable information from children under the age of thirteen. If you are under the age of thirteen, you must ask your parent or guardian for permission to use this website.
E-mail Communications
From time to time, Soft Brush Studio may contact you via email for the purpose of providing announcements, promotional offers, alerts, confirmations, surveys, and/or other general communication. In order to improve our Services, we may receive a notification when you open an email from Soft Brush Studio or click on a link therein.
If you would like to stop receiving marketing or promotional communications via email from Soft Brush Studio, you may opt out of such communications by clicking on the UNSUBSCRIBE button at the bottom of the email.
External Data Storage Sites
We may store your data on servers provided by third party hosting vendors with whom we have contracted.
What rights you have over your data
If you have an account on this site, placed an order, or have left reviews or comments, you can request to receive an exported file of the personal data we hold about you, including any data you have provided to us. You can also request that we erase any personal data we hold about you. This does not include any data we are obliged to keep for administrative, legal, or security purposes.
Changes to this Statement
Soft Brush Studio reserves the right to change this Privacy Policy from time to time. We will notify you about significant changes in the way we treat personal information by sending a notice to the primary email address specified in your account, by placing a prominent notice on our site, and/or by updating any privacy information on this page. Your continued use of the Site and/or Services available through this Site after such modifications will constitute your: (a) acknowledgment of the modified Privacy Policy; and (b) agreement to abide and be bound by that Policy.
Contact Information
Soft Brush Studio welcomes your questions or comments regarding this Statement of Privacy. If you believe that Soft Brush Studio has not adhered to this Statement, please contact Soft Brush Studio at:
Soft Brush Studio4609 Franconia Rd
Alexandria, VA 22310
Email Address: chineseart@darlenekaplan.com
Telephone number: 703-922-4175
Effective as of May 25, 2020
Search for:
Browse By Category
2019 Oriental Brush Painting Workshop (5)
About the Art/Studio (25)
Art Awards (18)
Art Exhibitions (20)
Classes and Workshops (59)
online classes (2)
Uncategorized (7)
workshop (5)
Close
Font Resize
A-
A+Reset font size
Keyboard navigation
Readable Font
Underline links
Highlight Links
Clear cookies
Images Greyscale
Invert Colors
Remove Animations
Lights Off
Close