http://www.shoplite.com/privacy
accounts@shoplite.com
Download our mobile app
LOGIN
Privacy Policy
CHANGES TO PRIVACY POLICY
ShopLite reserves the right at all times to discontinue or modify this Privacy Policy (the Policy) as we deem necessary or desirable.
A prominent announcement above the text of the Policy, as appropriate, will be displayed for thirty (30) days, with such being deemed sufficient notification of such changes. Any such modifications become effective immediately upon being posted on the Site and the App.
It is your sole responsibility to check the Site and the App from time to time to view any such changes. If you do not agree to any changes, if and when such changes may be made, you must cease use of the Site and the App. Your use of the Site and the App after any modifications to the Policy indicates that you agree to such modified Policy.
Any changes to this Policy (other than as set forth in this paragraph) or waiver of ShopLite’s rights hereunder shall not be valid or effective except in a written agreement bearing the physical signature of ShopLite 's Director/s. No purported waiver or modification of this Policy by ShopLite via telephonic or email communications shall be valid.
Should you wish to terminate your account due to a modification to this Privacy Policy, you may do so by sending an email with the subject line "Termination" to the following email address: accounts@shoplite.com.
TYPES OF INFORMATION COLLECTED AND USES OF COLLECTED INFORMATION
We collect two types of information about our Website Users:
Personally Identifiable Information and
Non-Personally Identifiable Information
Personally Identifiable Information.
Personally Identifiable Information is information that identifies a specific User. When you engage in certain activities on the Site and/or the App, such as, but not limited to, creating an account, ordering products from us, submitting content and/or posting content in discussion forums (if any), entering a contest or sweepstakes sponsored by us or our partners, filling out a survey, posting a review, sending us or our partners feedback, requesting information about our services, submitting an agreement, applying for a job, posting a video or signing up for special offers through the Website and/or the App (collectively, “Identification Activities”), we may ask you to provide certain information about yourself. It is optional for you to engage in an Identification Activity.
If you elect to engage in an Identification Activity, however, we may ask you to provide us with certain personal information about yourself, such as your first and last name, mailing address (including zip code), email address, telephone number, mobile number, date of birth, gender, civil status, personal preferences, purchase history, financial capacity and credit history (which may include income tax returns, official receipts, bank statements, educational background, home/living situation, number of dependents), employment record, government-issued ID, and social media profiles,
among others. You may also be required to provide the name and contact information of
an emergency contact; we will assume that you have obtained the informed consent of said contact before sharing his or her information with us. When you purchase a product, we may also ask you to provide us with your credit card number, expiration date, billing address and authentication codes or related information.
Depending on the activity, some of the information we ask you to provide is identified as mandatory and some is identified as voluntary. If you do not provide the mandatory information for a particular activity that requires it, you will not be permitted to engage in that activity.
We use Personally Identifiable Information to create your personal ShopLite account, comply with our obligations to you under the applicable contract/s, verify your identity, provide products or support services to you, communicate with you for any orders or issues, conduct a background check and assess and evaluate your credit score and financial standing to determine if you are eligible to avail of our financing services, administer sweepstakes and contests, enhance the operation of the Site and the App, improve our marketing and promotional efforts, analyze Site and App use, improve our product and service offerings, to tailor your experience with us and third parties as provided in Item 3 of the Policy, enforce and protect our rights, and to comply with legal and regulatory requirements.
Specifically, we may use personal preferences which you provide us to serve targeted offers to you, or if you send our customer service an email we may use your comments and feedback to tell others about our services, and may post your comment in our marketing materials or on our Site or App.
When creating your account, you may decide to enroll in our regular email alert service to receive our Promotional Emails as described in Item 6 of the Policy. In the Site, you may also subscribe to our Promotional Emails without creating an account with us. We will use your email address to send you Promotional Emails with regular updates on our offerings and services. You may decide to unsubscribe from our Promotional Emails at any time by following the instructions provided in Item 6 of the Policy.
In addition, if you use our Site or App to send information or a product to another person, we may store your personal information. We may also use Personally Identifiable Information to troubleshoot, resolve disputes, accomplish administrative tasks, contact you, enforce our agreements with you, including our Terms and Conditions and the Policy, comply with applicable law, and cooperate with law enforcement activities.
Referral Program
If you choose to use our referral service, we may ask you for your friend's email address. We will presume that you have obtained your friend’s informed consent prior to sharing his or her information with us. We will automatically send your friend a one-time email inviting him or her to visit the Site or download the App. ShopLite stores this information for the sole purpose of sending this one-time email and tracking the success of our referral program. Your friend may contact us at accounts@shoplite.com to request that we remove this information from our database.
Non-Personally Identifiable Information.
Non-Personally Identifiable Information is information that does not identify a specific User. This type of information may include things like the Uniform Resource Locator (“URL”) of the website you visited before coming to our Website, the URL of the website you visit after leaving our Website, the type of browser you are using and your Internet Protocol (“IP”) address. We, and/or our authorized Third Party Service Providers and Advertisers, may automatically collect this information when you visit our Website through the use of electronic tools like Cookies and Web beacons or Pixel tags.
We use Non-Personally Identifiable Information to troubleshoot, administer the Site and the App, analyze trends, gather demographic information, comply with applicable law, and cooperate with law enforcement activities. We may also share this information with our authorized Third Party Service Providers and Advertisers to measure the overall effectiveness of our online advertising, content, and programming.
RELEASE OF PERSONALLY IDENTIFIABLE INFORMATION
We will not share, sell, rent, or trade your Personally Identifiable Information with other parties except as provided below:
We may share your information with ShopLite partners, suppliers, and affiliates.
From time to time, we offer products for sale from particular partners, suppliers, and affiliates (ShopLite Partners) who are provided with information on ShopLite customers who purchased the product to facilitate the sale and transaction, or to address any after-sales concerns. In those cases, we share some of your Personally Identifiable Information with ShopLite Partners. Sharing this Information may allow a ShopLite Partners to market directly to you should they choose to do so. However, we will only share Personally Identifiable Information with a ShopLite Partners if you engage in an Identification Activity, and then only to the ShopLite Partners involved in that Identification Activity. We specifically disclaim any responsibility or liability for the actions of such ShopLite Partners.
We may share your information with Authorized Third Party Service Providers.
We provide services and products through third parties. These “Third Party Service Providers” perform functions on our behalf, like sending out and distributing our administrative and promotional emails or provide relevant credit information. We may share your Personally Identifiable Information with such Service Providers to fulfill orders, deliver packages, send postal letters or email, administer contests or sweepstakes, remove repetitive information on customer lists, analyze data, provide marketing assistance, provide credit bureau reports, search results and links, process credit card payments, operate the Site or the App, troubleshoot, and provide customer service. In addition, when you have applied for and have been approved to purchase products on an installment basis, we may share your information with credit bureaus and other similar organizations to contribute to your credit score, and such information may be accessed by other users or subscribers of that bureau or organization.
In the event of default, we may also share your Personally Identifiable Information with collection agencies and legal advisers.
We may also collect personal information from individuals and companies (“Affiliates”) with whom we have business relationships and may share your information with Service Providers to accomplish our administrative tasks. For example, when you order a product, we release your credit card information to the card-issuing bank to confirm payment for the service and, if applicable, release your address to the delivery service to deliver the service. Likewise, we may release an Affiliate's information to our bank to send out a payment.
We encourage our Affiliates and Third Party Service Providers to adopt and post privacy policies.
However, the use of your Personally Identifiable Information by such parties is governed by the privacy policies of such parties and is not subject to our control.
We may remarket your information.
Remarketing is a way for us to connect with users, based upon your past interactions with the ShopLite Site or App. Third-party marketing vendors may be hired by ShopLite to perform remarketing services. As a result, third-party vendors, may show ShopLite ads on sites on the internet. Third-party vendors, use cookies to serve ads based on a user's visits to, or use of, the ShopLite Site or App. This information is used only for remarketing purposes, and we do not engage these marketing vendors for any other purpose.
We may share your information in a Business Transfer.
Remarketing is a way for us to connect with users, based upon your past interactions with the ShopLite Site or App. Third-party marketing vendors may be hired by ShopLite to perform remarketing services. As a result, third-party vendors, may show ShopLite ads on sites on the internet. Third-party vendors, use cookies to serve ads based on a user's visits to, or use of, the ShopLite Site or App. This information is used only for remarketing purposes, and we do not engage these marketing vendors for any other purpose.
We may share your information for our Protection and the Protection of Others.
We reserve the right to disclose your personally identifiable information as required by law and when we believe that disclosure is necessary to protect our rights and/or comply with a judicial proceeding, court order, or legal process served on us; enforce or apply this Policy, our Terms and Conditions for the Site and/or the App, or other agreements; or protect the rights, property or safety of the Site or the App, its Users or others.
RELEASE OF NON-PERSONALLY IDENTIFIABLE INFORMATION
We may disclose, share, rent, or sell Non-Personally Identifiable Information with Partners, Affiliates and Advertisers. For example, we may share aggregated demographic information (which does not include any Personally Identifiable Information) with “Third Party Advertisers” or “Third Party Advertising Companies” and other parties as provided below.
We may use Third Party Advertising Companies to serve ads when you visit our Site or use our App. These companies may use Non-Personally Identifiable Information about your visits to this and other websites in order to provide, through the use of network tags, advertisements about goods and services that may be of interest to you.
We may also use Third Party Service Providers to track and analyze Non-Personally Identifiable usage and volume statistical information from our Users to administer our Site and App and constantly improve their quality. We may also publish this information for promotional purposes or as a representative audience for Advertisers. Please note that this is not Personally Identifiable Information, only general summaries of the activities of our Users. Such data is collected on our behalf, and is owned and used by us.
We may also aggregate all survey responses and anonymize the data and make such available to affiliates and other third parties.
UPDATING AND CORRECTING INFORMATION
We believe that you should have the ability to access and edit the Personally Identifiable Information you provide us. You may change any of your Personally Identifiable Information by logging into your account and accessing the "settings" section of the Site, updating your account information through the App, or sending us an email at accounts@shoplite.com or writing to us at Unit 2507 Trade and Financial Tower, 7th Avenue corner 32nd Street, Bonifacio Global City, Taguig. Please indicate your name, address and email address, and what information you would like to update when you contact us.
We encourage you to promptly update your Personally Identifiable Information if it changes. You may ask to have the information on your account deleted or removed; however, because we keep track of past transactions, you cannot delete information associated with past transactions on the Site or on the App. In addition, in may be impossible for us to completely delete all of your information because we periodically backup information.
Should you wish to terminate your account for any reason, you may do so by sending an email with the subject line "Termination" to the following email address: accounts@shoplite.com
USER CHOICES ON COLLECTION AND USE OF INFORMATION
As discussed above, you can always choose not to provide information, although it may be required to engage in a certain activity on the Website.
As a condition of purchase of our products, we will send you Administrative and Promotional emails. We will send you information regarding your account activity and purchases as well as updates about our products and promotional offers.
You cannot opt-out of Administrative Emails. "Administrative Emails" relate to a User's activity on the Website, and include emails regarding a particular User's account, requests or inquiries, and purchases of products. In contrast to Administrative Emails, however, you do have a choice with respect to Promotional Emails. Promotional Emails advertise our products and services, including exclusive sales and other offers, and/or the products and services of our Advertisers and Affiliates. If you do not want to receive Promotional Emails from us, you may elect to opt-out of receiving Promotional Emails at any time after registering by emailing us at help@shoplite.com or by writing to us at the address contained herein, or by hitting the "unsubscribe" button at the bottom of any of our emails, or by changing your account settings. When contacting us, please indicate your name, address, email address, and what Promotional Emails you do not want to receive.
SECURITY OF INFORMATION
We take security seriously and take numerous precautions to protect the security of Personally Identifiable Information. You can access your Personally Identifiable Information on our Website through a password and your email address. This password is encrypted. We recommend that you do not share your password with anyone. In addition, your Personally Identifiable Information resides on a secure server that only selected personnel and contractors have access to. We encrypt certain sensitive information (such as credit card information) using Secure Socket Layer (SSL) technology to ensure that your Personally Identifiable Information is safe as it is transmitted to us.
Unfortunately, no data transmission over the Internet or any wireless network can be guaranteed to be 100% secure. As a result, while we employ commercially reasonable security measures to protect data and seek to partner with companies which do the same, we cannot guarantee the security of any information transmitted to or from the Website, and are not responsible for the actions of any third parties that may receive any such information.
DATA TRACKING
Cookies.
To facilitate and customize your experience with the Website, we store cookies on your computer. A cookie is a small text file that is stored on a User's computer for record- keeping purposes which contains information about that User. We use cookies to save you time while using the Website, remind us who you are, and track and target User interests in order to provide a customized experience. Cookies also allow us to collect Non-Personally Identifiable Information from you, like which pages you visited and what links you clicked on. Use of this information helps us to create a more user-friendly experience for all visitors.
In addition, we may use Third Party Advertising Companies to display advertisements on our Website. As part of their service, they may place separate cookies on your computer. We have no access to or control over these cookies. This Privacy Policy covers the use of cookies by our Website only and does not cover the use of cookies by any Advertiser.
Most browsers automatically accept cookies, but you may be able to modify your browser settings to decline cookies. Please note that if you decline or delete these cookies, some parts of the Website may not work properly.
Other Tracking Devices.
We may use other industry standard technologies like pixel tags and web beacons to track your use of our Website pages and promotions, or we may allow our Third Party Service Providers to use these devices on our behalf. Pixel tags and web beacons are tiny graphic images placed on certain pages on our Website, or in our emails that allow us to determine whether you have performed a specific action. When you access these pages or open or click an email, pixel tags and web beacons generate a Non-Personally Identifiable notice of that action.
Pixel tags allow us to measure and improve our understanding of visitor traffic and behavior on our Website, as well as give us a way to measure our promotions and performance. We may also utilize pixel tags and web beacons provided by our Affiliates and/or Marketing Partners for the same purposes.
PRIVACY POLICIES OF THIRD PARTY WEBSITES
This Policy only addresses the use and disclosure of information we collect from you on www.ShopLite.com. Other websites that may be accessible through this Website have their own privacy policies and data collection, use and disclosure practices. If you link to any such website, we urge you to review the website's privacy policy. The ability to access information of third-parties from ShopLite, or links to other websites or locations, is for your convenience and does not signify our endorsement of such third-parties, their products, their services, other websites, locations or their content.
If you choose to access a third party Site linked to our Site, you do so at your own risk and subject to any terms of service or privacy policy (if any) associated with such third party Sites. We are not responsible for how these other companies or organizations collect, use, disclose, or secure the information that you provide them.
MISCELLANEOUS PRIVACY ISSUES
Children
Children under the age of 18 are not permitted to use the Website and we do not intentionally collect or maintain personal information from those who are under 18 years old. If we obtain information that a user is under 18, or that a user has misrepresented his/her age and is actually below 18, we will take steps to remove that user's personal information permanently from our databases.
By using the Website, you are representing that you are at least 18 years old with full legal capacity to use the Website and to enter into contracts and agreements.
Public Areas.
We may provide areas on our Website where you can publicly post information about yourself, can communicate with others such as discussion boards or blogs, or can review partners, and submit media content. This information may be accessible by other consumers and companies and may appear on other websites or web searches, and therefore this information could be read, collected, and used by others.
For example, if you post your email address along with a public review, you may receive unsolicited messages. The username and photo you provide for your ShopLite account may be seen by the public when you make any comments or ask any question on publicly viewable sections of the Site. We have no control over who reads your postings or what other users may do with the information you voluntarily post, so please use caution when posting any personal information.
CONTACTING US
Whether you're a new or loyal customer, business owner, marketer, publisher, media member or job seeker we'd like to stay connected and want to hear from you! Contact us at accounts@shoplite.com.
Enjoy the benefits of hassle-free, flexible payment plans!
Questions? Inquiries?
accounts@shoplite.com
About
How It Works
FAQs
Terms of Service
Privacy
2016 ShopLite Ventures Philippines Inc.
Trade and Financial Tower,
7th Avenue corner 32nd Street,
Bonifacio Global City, Taguig 1634
Customer Service Hours: 9:00 AM - 6:00 PM
accounts@shoplite.com
A member of the Credit Management Association of the Philippines