https://www.americanmountainsupply.com/customer-service/#privacy-security
Call 800-368-4267
Covid-19 Update: We are still shipping orders!  Orders may be delayed 2-3 days in production.  Thank you for your patience and continued support.  We couldn't do this without you!
My Account
Wishlist
Menu
Search
American Mountain Supply
Search:
Search
Cart
You have no items in your shopping cart.
Menu
Home
Cases All Long Gun Cases Tactical Long Gun CasesStandard Long Gun CasesAll Pistol Cases Tactical Pistol CasesStandard Pistol CasesShort Barreled Rifle & Submachine Gun CasesAmphibian Dry Bag Firearm CasesLadies Gun Cases and Accessories Embroidered CasesSouthwest Tapestry Gun CasesFishing Rod CasesHolsters Belt Clip Holsters (Unpadded)Belt Loop Holsters (Padded) Standard Belt Loop Holsters (Padded)Woodsman Flap Holsters (Padded)Shoulder HolstersSpecialty Holsters Ankle & Pocket HolstersRange Gear Range Bags AMS Range BagsRange Bag Add-OnsSniper Bags & Rifle RestsAmmo & Shotshell BagsShooting MatsPistol Range CasesAccessories BeltsButt Stock Shell HoldersGaitersSlingsMagazine PouchesCartridge Belts and CarriersGun MagnetsGreen Mtn. Range Bags Standard Green Mountain Range BagsCustom Green Mountain Range BagsFor Ladies
About Us
Home
Customer Service
Customer Service
Frequently Asked Questions
Shipping & Delivery
Returns & Replacements
Payments
Privacy & Security
We are focused on our customer's needs and want to be their "go to" place for cases, holsters and accessories.  We maintain the highest quality in workmanship as well as the highest levels of customer service. We will go out of our way to assure that you are satisfied with your products. You can be assured that when you contact us you will be working with people who want to get you the product you need and will work with you like you were part of their family.
Frequently Asked Questions
What are your shipping rates?
See our shipping rates here.
What are your shipping policies?
See our shipping policies here.
How long will it take to get my order?
Most orders ship within 1 to 3 business days. In some situations if we are experiencing a delay in obtaining raw materials for a product you order, it could take longer. Custom orders or personalized product will take longer, up to one week. If you need your order for an event or a firm date, let us know. We will work with you to choose the best shipping options and, if needed, a Rush Service to meet your deadline. While some products may ship from inventory, we a are an efficient "make to order" shop, so most products need a one day lead time for manufacturing the day after the order is received. Green Mountain Bags take an extra 5 days.
Can I expedite my order?
See our rates for expedited shipping here. If you need additional rush services, contact us at 800.368.4267 or sales@AmericanMountainSupply.com for a quote.
Can I personalize my product?
Yes. Many of our products can be embroidered with names or logos. We can also add patches to products. Products for which personalization is common have information noted on the product page. If you have specific requirements, please contact us at 800.368.4267 or sales@AmericanMountainSupply.comto arrange meeting your needs.
Is the ordering process secure?
Yes, our order process is secure from start to finish over a 128bit Secure Socket Layer (SSL) certificate. Please review our Security info, your privacy is important to us. See our Privacy Policy.
What payment methods can I use?
We accept Visa, Mastercard, American Express and Checks or PO's with approved credit. For purchase orders, please make sure you have set up an account with us and have been approved. Contact us at 800.368.4267 or sales@AmericanMountainSupply.com to obtain a credit application.
I do not have a credit card, can I still place an order?
Yes. You can pay by check (just choose check as your payment method when you check out) and send your check to us after you receive your order confirmation. We will begin production of your order after we receive your payment.
How do I order online?
Just browse to the item you want, click Add to Cart. You can then view your basket or click Checkout.
Can I order by telephone?
Yes, please call us at 1.800.368.4267 or 303.772.7236 Monday through Friday 9:00AM to 5:00PM MST.
I cannot find an item on the website, can I order it?
Most likely, yes. We can custom design a product for you at reasonable cost. Special colors or materials can be produced, but may require longer lead times and an additional cost. Please contact us with your needs and we will see what we can do to meet them.
Can I change my order after I have placed it?
Yes. All changes must be in writing and if any work has been completed before the change you will be billed for completed items. We cannot change the order after it has been shipped.
How do I view my order history?
To view your online order history click here and log into your account.
Do you charge sales tax?
We collect and remit sales taxes to the appropriate local governments. Accordingly, sales taxes will be charged on all orders shipped to or delivered to Colorado locations. If you are exempt from sales tax (you are reselling the product or some other exemption), please fax (303.772.8224) or email (sales@AmericanMountainSupply.com) us your exemption certificate after you place your order and include your order number or customer number.
Do I have to create an account to order on the website?
No. Creating an account will allow you to view previous orders, view saved baskets and make reorders easier, but you do not have to create an account to order online.
How do I track my order?
You will automatically be emailed your tracking info when your order ships (please add sales@AmericanMountainSupply.com to your safe senders list). You can email us a request for your tracking information if you do not receive it. Some shipment methods (USPS) may not include tracking.
What is your return policy?
If you need to exchange a product for a different size or color, just send it back to us. If there is a defect in your product also just send it back to us. We will send you a replacement or repair the product at our discretion. When a refund is necessary, it is generally issued in the same form of payment as originally used for the purchase, depending on time since the original purchase. Ship your returns prepaid to:
American Mountain Supply, LLC
Attention: Returns
820 South Lincoln Street
Longmont, CO 80501 USA
Please remember to include your name, return address, phone number, email address, and a note describing any issues with the product and what you would like us to do (outside markings on the package sometimes become unreadable from handling or weathering).
Can you ship to International locations?
Yes, we ship all over the world. If shipping outside the continental U.S. we will contact you regarding freight charges before we ship. The recipient must comply with all laws and regulations of the destination. The recipient is liable for any import taxes, customs duties, additional fees for customs clearance or other import fees which are levied after the shipment leaves our facility. We are not responsible for any delays caused by the Customs clearance policies and as these fees and policies vary greatly we cannot predict any delays or the amount of any such fees.
Can you ship to FPO or APO addresses?
Yes. Place your order normally. We ship Priority Mail to APO/FPO addresses. Thank you for your service.
Can I request a catalog?
Send your request to sales@AmericanMountainSupply.com and we will send you a catalog by mail.
Shipping & Delivery
All products will be shipped via FedEx Ground or USPS or another shipping method depending on package dimensions, weights, and rates at our discretion.  Our shipping rates apply to the 48 contiguous states.  Additional charges will apply to Alaska, Hawaii or outside the U.S.
Standard shipping rates are as follows:
Order Total
Standard
2 Day
Next Day
Up to $25.00
$6.00
$14.00
$36.00
$25.01 to $50.00
$7.50
$18.00
$46.00
$50.01 to $75.00
$12.00
$29.00
$56.00
$75.01 to $150.00
$17.00
$38.00
$62.00
over $150.00
Free
$48.00
$85.00
These rates are per package.  Very large orders could require more than one package, therefore incur higher shipping charges.
Please keep in mind when placing your order that shipping and/or order processing can be affected by extreme weather or natural disasters or even higher than normal package loads at the shipping companies.  We have no control over these situations and cannot estimate the potential delay.
Occasionally packages are returned to us as undeliverable.  If this happens, our customer service staff will attempt to reach the intended purchaser or recipient.  If for some reason we are unable to contact you, we will issue a refund in the same form of payment originally used for the purchase.  Additional shipping charges may apply if the package is returned to us due to an incorrect address.  Our customer service staff will try and reach you and correct the problem.  Once the address is corrected we will reship the package.
Most of our shipping carriers make three attempts to deliver a package.  It is generally up to the discretion of the driver to determine if a signature is required.  If the driver feels it is best to obtain a signature and no one is present to accept the delivery, the package may be returned to us.
If a gift recipient is not expecting a gift, they may refuse the package if they believe it was sent to them in error.  If you still want to send these items, you may want to let the recipient know that a surprise is on the way.
If shipping outside the continental U.S.  we will contact you regarding freight charges before we ship.  The recipient must comply with all laws and regulations of the destination.  The recipient is liable for any import taxes, customs duties, additional fees for customs clearance or other import fees which are levied after the shipment leaves our facility.  We are not responsible for any delays caused by the Customs clearance policies and as these fees and policies vary greatly we cannot predict any delays or  the amount of any such fees.
APO and FPO addresses are generally shipped Priority Mail.  Thank you for your service.
Returns & Replacements
If you need to exchange a product for a different size or color, just send it back to us.  If there is a defect in your product also just send it back to us.  We will send you a replacement or repair the product at our discretion.   When a refund is necessary, it is generally issued in the same form of payment as originally used for the purchase, depending on time since the original purchase.
Ship your returns prepaid to:
American Mountain Supply, LLC
Attention: Returns
820 South Lincoln Street
Longmont, CO  80501, USA
Please remember to include your name, return address, phone number, email address, and a note describing any issues with the product and what you would like us to do (outside markings on the package sometimes become unreadable from handling or weathering).
Payments
We accept Visa, Discover, MasterCard and American Express.  Money orders and personal checks can be mailed with an order, but the order is subject to a hold until the check clears. We require full payment in advance in U.S funds.
We collect and remit sales taxes to the appropriate local governments. Accordingly, sales taxes will be charged on all orders shipped to or delivered to Colorado locations, unless we are provided with a valid exemption certificate.
Privacy & Security
Our website uses the latest 128bit encryption technology to protect your personal information.  Our ordering process is totally secure from beginning to end.
All confidential information is submitted over a secure, 128bit SSL connection.  We do not store your credit card information on our server after you have placed your order.  You can tell if it is a secure connection by looking at the lock at the bottom of your screen.  You can also look at the address bar and see the "https" at the beginning of the address.  You can also place your order over the phone toll free at 800.368.4267 or at 303-772.7236.  Do not include credit card numbers in an e-mail as e-mail is not secure.
American Mountain Supply, LLC respects the privacy rights of its customer and keeps all personal information gathered by the use of this website confidential.  AMS uses this information for the sole purpose of fulfilling customer orders; no personal information is passed to any 3rd party company for any purpose other than order fulfillment or communicating with you.   See our full privacy policy here
Questions or Concerns?
Have questions?
Please contact us using the options below, we'd love to talk.
Email Us
sales@american...supply.com
800-368-42678:30a – 5:00p MST, Mon. - Fri.
About AMS
Since 1980 AMS has been proud to provide shooting enthusiasts with quality and value priced accessories
All AMS and Green Mountain Sports products are guaranteed for life against any failure of workmanship or materials.
It is very simple – if any of our products ever fail the original purchaser, just return it for repair or replacement at our discretion.
Why We're Different
1
Durable products, guaranteed for life
We stand behind our work
2
Built to Taste
We tailor our items to be exactly what you want
3
Most Orders Ship Next Business Day
4
Made in the USA
Each bag is hand-crafted in the US
Questions?
Customer Service
Frequently Asked Questions
Shipping & Delivery
Returns & Replacements
Payments
Privacy & Security
Product Catalog
For Dealers
What We Offer
Contact Us
800-368-4267
sales@americanmountainsupply.com
We're available
9:00a – 5:00p MSTMonday - Friday
Connect with Us
© 2016 American Mountain Supply. All Rights Reserved.