https://www.misskatescreations.com/privacy-policy.html
× Log In
Email Address:
Password:
Log In Reset
Forgot your password?
Register
Dont have account? Register Here
Order Status
Where is my order? Check Here
× Shopping Cart
Name Quantity Price
Total
View Cart Checkout
× Search
Toggle navigationMENU
Home
Fabric
Quilting
Sports
NFL
MLB
NBA
General
College
Novelty
Military
Juvenile Prints
General Novelty
Patriotic
1st Responder
Baby
Handcrafted Photo Albums
Wedding/Anniversary
MLB
NFL
Baby
Specialty
College
B2B Embroidery, Sublimation & Silk Screen Services
Embroidery Services
Dress Shirts
T-Shirts
Towels
Blankets
Robes
Slippers
Sublimation Services
T-Shirts
Sports Bags
Blanket
Gamer's Mat
Welcome Mat
Decorated Cat Bowl
Decorated Dog Bowl
Food mat - dog/cat bowls
Silk-Screened
T-Shirts
Handcrafted Jewelry Collections
Birthstone
January
February
March
April
May
June
July
August
September
October
November
December
Wedding
Necklaces
Steampunk
Enameled
Miscellaneous
Bracelet Charms
Clothing & Accessories
NCAA
Infant
Toddler
Youth
Tween
Mommy&Me
Women's
Men
T-Shirts
Pet Potpourri
Dog Coats
Carrier - Small Dog
On the go Treat Bag
Decorated Dog Bowl
Totes, Bags & Purses
Miscellaneous
Plush
Cubbies
Decorated Towels
Stainless Steel Tumblers
Mugs
Christmas Decorations
Gardening
Keychains
All Products
Privacy Policy
Home Fabric Handcrafted Photo Albums B2B Embroidery, Sublimation & Silk Screened Services Handcrafted Jewelry Collections Clothing & Accessories Pet Potpourri Bags, Totes & Handcrafted Purses Miscellaneous
Home Privacy Policy
Privacy Policy and Data Security Plan The following document sets forth the Privacy Policy for Miss Kate’s Creations website.
Miss Kate’s Creations is committed to providing you with the best possible customer service experience while safeguarding your privacy as well as your personal information. We are committed to keeping your data secure and your personal information confidential. Collection of your personal information
There are many aspects of the site which can be viewed without providing personal information, however, for access to some Miss Kate’s Creations features you are required to submit personally identifiable information. This information may include but is not limited to: email address(es), unique username(s) and password(s), or provide sensitive information in the recovery of your lost password. Sharing of your personal information
Miss Kate’s Creations takes reasonable steps to ensure confidentiality and your privacy is maintained. Use of your personal information
For each visitor to reach the site, we expressively collect the following non-personally identifiable information, including but not limited to: browser type, version and language, operating system, pages viewed while browsing the Site, page access times, and referring website address. This collected information is used solely internally for the purpose of gauging visitor traffic, monitoring traffic, reviewing trends, and delivering personalized content to you while you are at this Site.
From time to time, we may use customer information for new, unanticipated uses not previously disclosed in our privacy notice. If our information practices change at some time in the future we will use for these new policies only. Data collected from the time of the policy change forward will adhere to our updated practices. Changes to this Privacy Policy
Miss Kate’s Creations reserves the right to make amendments to this Privacy Policy at any time. If you have objections to the Privacy Policy, or concerns about its use or implementation, you should not access or use the Site. Accessing Your Personal Information
You have a right to access your personal information, subject to exceptions allowed by law. If you would like to do so, please let us know. You may be required to put your request in writing for security reasons and you will be required to provide information sufficient to identify yourself and to document the nature of your request. Miss Kate’s Creations reserves the right to charge a fee for searching, and providing access to, your information on a per request basis. Feel free to contact our site administrator for additional details. Right of Removal
All users have the ability to delete their Miss Kate’s Creations account whenever they deem it necessary. Deletion will remove their account from our systems, including their personal data such as their name, email address, their sales, feedback and any other data they granted us permission to access when they signed up. Some usage data will be kept in logs for analysis and performance metrics as well as periodic safety and security audits; and, we will keep a record of any payments they made to us for tax reasons. Contacting us
Miss Kate’s Creations welcomes your comments regarding this Privacy Policy. If you have any questions about this Privacy Policy and would like further information, please contact us by e-mail: info@misskatescreations.com. Third parties used
Google Analytics: used to collect usage statistics for the site. The usage data helps Miss Kate’s Creations improve the quality of service offered to users.
Updated: 15 October 2020.
Subscribe To Newsletters & Specials
* indicates required
Email Address *
First Name *
Last Name *
Birthday *
/
( mm / dd )
Contact
900 Vantrease Road Madison, TN, 37115
615-865-9524 hermes@misskatescreations.com
Navigation
Home
About Us
Contact Us
Privacy Policy
Shipping & Returns
All Products
Site Map
Social
Payment
rapidssl_ssl_certificate.gif
Copyright © 2020 Miss Kate's Creations | Home | Site Map | Ecommerce Shopping Cart Software by Miva Merchant