http://www.buy4lesstuxedo.com/apps/help-center#!how-long-do-i-have-to-return-an-item
Skip to content
Submit
Close search
FREE Shipping Available [see details]
Help Center
FAQ - General
Buying vs. Renting
What are some of the many benefits of buying a tuxedo instead of renting a tuxedo?
*** Disclaimer: The reasons below are "potential" problems that a consumer may encounter when trying to rent a tuxedo. The author of this article ... although he believes that there are formal wear rental stores that provide excellent service ... he also realizes the basic notion that there are other rental stores that provide inadequate service (as with any type of business). If you decide to rent instead of purchase, call the formal wear store and ask them questions that may help you with your decision. Do they have tailors on the premises? How early can I pick up my tuxedos? What do you do if I need an exchange? What quality control standards do you implement to assure high- quality garments? By getting answers to just a few basic questions, a consumer can then make an educated decision whether or not it's better to rent a tuxedo or own a tuxedo. Our goal is that you, the consumer, make the best possible decision for your situation.Bottom Line: Do some research. Weigh your options. Make your decision on what's best for you. Whatever you decide, I hope you have a special wedding day and everything goes absolutely perfect !!! Best wishes !!! 1) Much higher-quality garmentsStrongly consider this first point. For a tuxedo store to be profitable, they must get a lot of "runs" from their inventory. There is no control over this variable; this means that you may end up being the 100th person to wear a particular garment. You may like to think that you are the 1st, 5th, or even 10th person wearing a garment ... but chances are that many more sweaty grooms have worn that garment before you. Frayed lapels, discoloration, broken buttons, "pulls," stains, you name it ... there are a lot of uncontrollable variables involved.By purchasing your tuxedo, you have a beautiful garment that has not shown any signs of aging. Crisp lapels, even colors, "tight" construction ... now you're looking like a man of style. Your bride is not wearing a used gown, is she? Look like a "million bucks." Definitely consider purchasing your tuxedo. 2) Perfectly-tailored fitMost tuxedos/suits need some alterations for a perfect fit. A rental store cannot do all the necesary alterations to guarantee a perfect fit. For example, tuxedo stores cannot do "tapers" or add/remove fabric (if necessary) because that same item will be used by another groom the following week.Don't get me wrong ... a groom can still look fairly well with a rental garment; however, he will not have that tailored look of perfection that is only available when a professional tailor can alter that garment to fit the contours of your body. For this reason alone, you should highly consider purchasing your tuxedo.3) No "substitutes" !!! What's that mean?Here's a situation for you: Your coat size is a 40R. The same coat that you will be wearing from a rental store was worn by another groom the week before you. That groom forgets to return his tuxedo to the rental store. Our main problem now is that he has the coat that you will be wearing for your wedding. Answer this question for me: do you really think that the store owner is going to buy another coat for you and also pay the rush charges associated with getting that new coat for you in time? In most cases, the answer is "NO!" He will try to "sub" you with a somewhat close size (maybe a 41L, 41R, 42R, etc.). If he doesn't have a close size, he may even try "subbing" you with a different style coat (of course he'll try to find one that is somewhat close).Bottom Line: you may not be getting what you should have gotten. Save the aggravation and consider purchasing your tuxedo.4) No need for "exchanges"Exchanges occur frequently in the formal wear industry. You go try on your tuxedo just 1-2 days before the wedding, and you find out that something doesn't fit correctly. Although some stores may attempt to fix the problem on the scene, most stores will require you to come back at a later time to pick up the "exchange." It's 2 days before your wedding, do you really need to be doing this back-and-forth scenario this close to your special day?Consider purchasing your tuxedo so you can enjoy the benefits of a custom-tailored fit and never have to worry about exchanges.5) Save the time & hassle of going back & forth to the formal wear store.OK ... you have to go to a tuxedo store to pick out your styles & have your measurements taken ... then you have to pick up your tuxedos 1-2 days before the wedding ... then you have to come back if any "exchanges" are made ... then you have to come back to the store to return the tuxedos.Suggestion: consider purchasing your tuxedo and you'll always be prepared.6) No "knock-offs" or imitationsYou bring a picture into a rental store and say that you want a specific tuxedo, perhaps one by Ralph Lauren. Most of your popular styles by Michael Kors, Cardi, Ralph Lauren, Ike Behar, etc. have been imitated by smaller manufacturers that may not be using the same quality piece goods. By looking at the garments, it may be difficult to tell the difference in fabric. The only difference is that you may end up with a lesser quality garment that doesn't have the same fit and "lines" as a top designer. You may be saying, "Store owners wouldn't purchase imitations just to save inventory costs and boost up their bottom line profits." Think about it.Do the safe thing. Consider the best option. Consider pruchasing your own brand new tuxedo.7) No stress about attire. Need an explanation?You have enough things to concentrate on 2 days before your wedding day. Do you really want to "cross your fingers... knock on wood," and hope all goes well with your tuxedos?Save the hassle and purchase your tuxedos well in advance of the wedding. No unforseen "surprises" will pop up ... ultimately, eliminating unnecessary aggravation before your special, memorable event.8) Peaceful rehearsal dinner. Explanation?Unfortunately, tuxedo pickups are usually on the Thursday (during evening hours) before the wedding. In most cases, wedding rehearsal dinners are also on Thursdays (if the wedding is on a Saturday). If you do decide to rent tuxedos, I hope that your rehearsal dinner doesn't fall on this day. If so, you may run into a time issue/problem. When the guys go pick up their tuxedos, they should really try them on in the store. If there is a problem, the guys could get tied up there and end up showing up late for the rehearsal dinner. To eliminate this unwanted event from occurring, consider taking advantage of our "group discounts" and have each member of your wedding party make a wise investment by owning a custom-tailored tuxedo well in advance of the wedding.9) An InvestmentWhy would you want to spend $150 for a tuxedo rental that you only wear for 1 day? For the price of about 2 rentals, you can own your own tuxedo and enjoy using it whenever a formal social event occurs. Whether you go to a play/theatre, cruise, black tie affair, etc ... you will be prepared.10) No additional late charge fees & missing item fees - -- groom's responsibility contract?ATTENTION Grooms !!! When you "book" tuxedos for your wedding party at a formal wear store, you usually have to sign a "Groom's Contract." This contract makes you liable for all the tuxedos in the wedding party. If one of your party members returns a tuxedo a day late, you will be the one paying a $20 late fee for each day. If one of your party members loses an item (NOTE: tuxedo jewelry is the most frequently lost item ($20 - $25 charge), you will be the one paying the replacement fee.
Care & Maintenance
Do I have to dry clean my tuxedo after each time I wear it?
Drycleaning, like just about anything in life, should be done in moderation. You do not have to have your tuxedo drycleaned after every time you wear it. Often times, the harsh chemicals used in drycleaning can damage fabric over time. For this reason, try to limit the number of drycleans that you do on your tuxedo. Obviously, if you spilled food or drink on your tuxedo or you were out dancing the night away, a trip to the drycleaner the following day may be a wise decision. Otherwise, simply place your tuxedo in its garment bag and hang it up in your closet after your formal event.
Ettiquette
My invitation says "Black Tie." What does that mean?
If the event says "Black Tie", you are expected to wear a tuxedo. However, you do not specifically have to wear a "black tie" with your formal ensemble. You are at liberty to wear any colored tie that you desire. The same applies to your vest or cummerbund. Most gentleman at a black tie event will be wearing a black tuxedo jacket, black tuxedo pants and a white tuxedo shirt.Vest sets and cummerbund sets are available in hundreds of colors. You can either keep it classic with a black tuxedo vest set or black cummerbund set. If you want to go with neutral-colored accessories, you may opt for a silver tuxedo vest set or a silver cummerbund set. If you want to add a splash of color or perhaps coordinate with your date's dress, feel free to select from a myriad of fun and interesting colors.
My invitation says "Black Tie Preferred," What does that mean?
Invitations stating Black Tie preferred are for semi-formal events where the host and most guests will be wearing tuxedos. The "preferred" part of the invitation really means "wear a tuxedo"(any type of tuxedo except Tails). The host is having a posh affair, so you should look the part by wearing a tuxedo and enjoy being in a lavish environment for the night.
What does "White Tie" mean?
White Tie events are also known as full dress events. This event requires a black tailcoat and trousers to be worn with a white pique wingtip tux shirt. A white pique tuxedo vest and matching bowtie and white studs and cufflinks completes the look. This is the only acceptable attire to be worn to this event.
Is there a "tuxedo glossary"?
JACKETSTails or tailcoatYep, these tails are talking to you. The eponymous tails actually have tails, with a two- to six-button front. Generally worn at ultra-formal evening weddings.TuxedoA tuxedo jacket can be single-breasted (with a one- to four-button front) or double-breasted (with a two- to six-button front) and is worn at formal or semiformal evening events. The basic tux comes in a variety of flavors. Pick single- or double-breasted with one of three lapels: peaked, notched, or shawl. Wear it with black, satin-striped trousers.Mandarin, a.k.a. Nehru jacketThis jacket features a stand-up collar with no lapel and is worn with a Mandarin collared shirt. Hint: This combo provides a sneaky way to avoid wearing a tie.CutawayFor formal daytime weddings, the groom wears the cutaway coat -- short in the front, long in the back, and tapering from the front waist button to a wide back tail. Cutaway jackets are either black or gray and are worn with matching striped trousers.Stroller coatThis semiformal jacket is a semi-formal suit jacket cut like a tuxedo. Usually charcoal gray or black and typically worn in the daytime.LAPELSNotch lapelThis lapel features a triangular indention where the lapel joins the collar. This is the least formal lapel style.Shawl collarThis is a smooth, rounded lapel with no notch.Peak lapelThis broad, V-shaped lapel points up and out just below the collar line.TROUSERSWith your formal ensemble, your tuxedo trousers should match your jacket in style and color. If you’ll be in a formal daytime wedding and will wear a stroller coat or cutaway coat, wear gray or gray pinstriped trousers.SHIRTSMandarin collar, a.k.a. band collarThis collar stands up around the neck, above the tux’s buttons. The most contemporary-style tuxedo shirt. If ties put you in mind of a hangman’s noose, try this shirt: You can wear it without a tie.Spread collarThis resembles a standard button-front shirt but folds over and around the neck with a wide division between points in front. The wider collar makes it a good choice with a Euro tie or a standard necktie tied Windsor style.Wing collarThe most formal choice and the collar style most often worn with tuxedo jackets, this stand-up collar has downward points.White pique shirtThis standard style dress shirt is made from white pique fabric, which has some texture. Wear it with a white tie and vest. SleevesAs for sleeve cuffs, you have a few options: standard dress-shirt cuffs held together with cuff links; French cuffs, which are folded over and closed with cuff links; and cuffs that close with a button. The choice is yours, but, in general, formal shirts call for cuff links.NECKWEARAscot tieThis wide, formal tie is usually patterned, folded over, and fastened with a stickpin or tie tack. Usually reserved for ultra-formal daytime weddings and worn with a cutaway coat and striped gray trousers.Bolo TieYou go, cowboy! If you’re having a Western-themed wedding, live in Santa Fe, or are a working broncobuster, this stringy tie is for you. But if your bride has visions of Breakfast at Tiffany’s dancing in her head, think again before breaking out your turquoise-studded bolo tie for the wedding, and go instead for something more classic.Bow TieProbably the thing to wear with a classic tux. Bow ties come in several colors besides basic black --- white is reserved for super-formal events, and colored bow ties are suitable for any occasion. You can match the wedding colors, but basic black is far classier, so think twice before ordering that fuchsia tie. Does tying a bow tie leave you baffled? Check out our how-to article.Sharpei TieThis is a hybrid between an ascot tie and a regular, run-of-the-mill necktie. It’s a long, square-bottomed tie knotted at the neck and worn with a wing collar or spread collar shirt. The Sharpe offers a more formal look that´s not as all-out as an ascot.NecktieIf you have an office job, you probably own a slew of these. They’re also called four-in-hands and are perfect for more casual -- yet still elegant -- wedding looks. Important tip: Breaking out your Mickey Mouse necktie to lighten up your wedding tux is definitely not cute. Go for silk in silver or blue. Remember how great John Kennedy Jr. looked on his wedding day? This is the look you want.ACCESSORIESTuxedo VestsFor an ultra-formal evening wedding, clad yourself in a white tie and waistcoat. Or choose a colored waistcoat instead of a cummerbund for the Four Weddings and a Funeral look, popular in Britain. Vests let men in the wedding party lend a bit of personality to their looks.CummerbundsThese are pleated swatches of fabric worn around the waist. Usually basic black, but you can choose from colored cummerbunds to match the bridesmaid dresses or the wedding colors.Cuff linksThese little babies can make or break an outfit. If you want style, try a set checkerboard stones or an inset color other than black. If simple elegance is your style, stick with black cuff links outlined in gold or silver. Who knows? Maybe your bride will give you a set as a groom gift on the big day.Some content by The Knot.
Ordering & Payment Information
What payment methods can I use to place my order?
Visa, Mastercard, American Express, Discover and Paypal are accepted when you place your order online. If you prefer to pay by check or money order, please call customer service to place your order.
How do I change or cancel my order?
Please contact us immediately if you need to change or cancel your order. Please be advised that some orders are shipped very soon after placement, and it may not always be possible to cancel.
How do I submit a purchase order?
If your company, school or organization prefers to submit a purchase order instead of placing an order online, you can submit your purchase order in one of 3 ways:1)  Email your purchase order (details)2)  Fax your purchase order to xxx.xxx.xxxx3)  Place purchase order via phone by calling "Christian" ext. 126
Do you offer a Lowest Price Guarantee?
Yes!We know - and agree! - that price matters.  That's why we make sure our prices are the best you can find.  We constantly check out prices to verify that you're getting a great value.You will never pay more with Buy4LessTuxedo!  Not only will we match or beat prices from any competitor's website or other reputable source, we will continue to honor that promise for up to one year after your purchase.We'll match the price at time of purchase, or refund you the difference if done after the purchase.  Either way, we are totally committed to providing you the best online shopping experience.
How does the $10 Cash Back Incentive work?
We love when our customers showcase their BUY4LESSTUXEDO style!  Using Instagram, follow @buy4lesstuxedo & hashtag #buy4esstuxedo on your favorite pics of you wearing your BUY4LESSTUXEDO suit or tuxedo.  Then, simply fill out this $10 CASH BACK INCENTIVE FORM.  Once we review and confirm your image(s), we will reimburse $10 back to your credit card.To qualify for the $10 Cash Back Incentive, we require that your order is at least $100.  Only (1) $10 Cash Back Incentive will be granted per order.We look forward to seeing your photo submissions.
Order Status
How can I track the status of my order?
After you place your online order, you will receive an automated email with a direct link to your "Order Status" page.  You can then easily check the status of your order at any time that is convenient for you.If you ever require additional assistance, please feel free to call us (888.724.2829) or use live chat during our normal business hours and one of our friendly customer care reps can assist you.
Will I receive a receipt after placing my order online?
Certainly, after filling out your online order, you will receive a detailed invoice receipt that you may either save or print out for your own records. You will also automatically receive an email confirmation with your order details.
Shipping & Delivery
How much is shipping?
For orders that are $199 or more, FREE shipping is available.  For orders under $199, shipping is a low flat rate fee of $8.95.Orders placed before 3pm EST are scheduled to ship out same day; orders after 3pm EST are scheduled to ship out the next business day.When you go through the online checkout process, all shipping options (including expedited shipping options) and costs will be displayed so you can easily select your shipping preference.
Can I expedite my shipping?
The following expedited shipping options are available when you check out:UPS 3-Day SelectUPS 2-Day AirUPS 1-Day AirSorry, expedited shipping is not available for shipments to Hawaii, Alaska, U.S. Territories, PO Boxes, or Military APO/FPO addresses. Please allow additional time for orders shipped to these addresses.
Do you ship internationally?
We do not ship to international locations other than U.S. Territories and Military APO/FPO addresses.
When can I expect to receive my order?
Orders placed before 3pm EST generally ship out same day from our Trenton, NJ warehouse. Orders are then received within 1 - 5 business days (depending on your shipping address and shipping method). For example, if your delivery address is on the East Coast, you will receive your package within 1 - 2 business days with standard shipping; if your delivery address is on the West Coast, you will receive your package within 4 - 5 business days with regular shipping.Expedited shipping options (1-Day Air or 2-Day Air) are also available if necessary.When you place your order online, our shopping cart system will display your expected delivery date for each shipping option.
Will I have to sign for my package?
Typically, we do not require a signature when we ship your package. However, there are instances when the delivery driver may decide to choose this option at their discretion.
Returns
How do I return an item?
If you are not 100% satisfied with your purchase from Buy4LessTuxedo.com, you can return your item(s) for a full refund within 30 days of purchase. (Returns must be unworn, in the state you received them, and in the original packaging.)In order to return an item, you must obtain a RETURN MERCHANDISE AUTHORIZATION (RMA) NUMBER. To obtain a return authorization number, please either email us or call customer service at 888.724.2829 during business hours (10am - 6pm EST).Once you receive your RMA number, please include your RMA number with your returned items and send the package to:Buy4LessTuxedo.comAttention: Returns Dept84 Parker AvenueTrenton, NJ 08609Please return your item(s) using a shipping service that provides you with a tracking number (such as UPS, Fedex, USPS, etc) so you can keep track of your return.Once we receive and process your return, we will refund your credit card for the full product amount. (NOTE: we do not refund or credit shipping charges. Shipping charges are the customer's responsibility).
How long does it take for me to receive my refund?
It may take 4-5 business days for your return to reach our Fullfilment Center. Once it is received and inspected (usually within 72 hours of receipt) your refund will be processed and automatically applied to your credit card or original method of payment within 2 days. Please note that depending on your credit card company, it may take an additional 2-10 business days after your credit is applied for it to post to your account.
How long do I have to return an item?
All returns/exchanges must be received by our returns department within 30 days of receiving your order.(NOTE: Our manufacturers enforce a strict 30-day return policy with all garments. Therefore, we cannot issue any return authorization numbers if you attempt to return an item after the 30-day period. We do value your business and will always try to assist our customers in every way possible; however, the implementation of the 30-day return policy is something that we, as a company, cannot get around. We hope that you enjoy your formal wear purchase and trust that if you do need a return/exchange, you will be sure to keep the 30-day return policy in mind. Once again we find it important to stress that if the 30-day return period ellapses, we will not be able to issue a return authorization number.)
I already took my item to a tailor and had it altered... can I still return it?
No. Once an item has been altered, it cannot be returned for obvious reasons -- an altered item could not be part of our inventory. Our inventory only consists of new, unused, and unaltered items.
I already wore an item to an affair, but now I don't think I want it anymore. Can I return it?
No. We will not accept returns on items that have been worn or altered in any way. Tags must still be intact and items must remain in their original packaging.
Will I be charged a restocking fee for returning or exchanging an unworn or unopened item?
No. You will not be charged a restocking fee for returning an unworn/unopened item. All tags and packaging material must remain in intact. Please refer to the guidelines below to confirm that your unworn/unaltered item(s) is/are in returnable condition.Acceptance Guidelines -- Returns / Restocking Fees:Suits / CoatsManufacturer tag is included on each suit / coat. A suit / coat cannot be returned if the tag is removed. 100% money back refund for returned product when returned properly.TrousersManufacturer tag is included on each trouser. A trouser cannot be returned if the tag is removed. 100% money back refund for returned product when returned properly.Vests / Neckwear / CummerbundsManufacturer tags and packing must be intact. Some manufacturers include vests/neckwear in boxes; others include them in bags. Please return in the same packaging included with initial order. 100% money back refund for returned product when returned properly.ShirtsShirts tend to be the only item which may incur a restocking fee. To receive a full refund on a shirt, the shirt must be unopened.  (NOTE: we can only resell "unopened" shirts to another customer. If a shirt has already been opened (even if it was to just try on and then you attempt to put the shirt back in its bag), we cannot resell the shirt as a "new" shirt. Packaging is part of a product; once a shirt is opened, it is almost impossible to fold it correctly and place the pins back where they were giving the shirt the same appearance as when it was unopened and factory-packaged.) For this reason, we will not be able to include an opened shirt back in our "new" inventory. If you have already opened the shirt to try on, we will still accept the (unworn/but opened) shirt from you so you do not have to absorb the full cost of the shirt; however, you may incur a 20% restocking fee for the opened shirt.  (NOTE: if returned "unopened", a 100% money back refund for returned product when returned properly.)JewelryMost jewelry sets are included in designer jewelry boxes; some jewelry items are only included in a small bag. Jewelry must be returned in its original packaging. 100% money back refund for returned product when returned properly.ShoesShoe boxes must be shipped back with the shoes. (Important note: Please do not simply tape up the shoe box and paste a few stamps on the shoe box. The shoe box is part of the packaging.) When you initially received your shoes, the shoe box was placed in another separate cardboard box. Please be courteous and ship back both the shoes and the shoe box inside another cardboard box. Defacing of the shoe box will incur a 30% restocking fee. (NOTE: if returned properly, you will receive a 100% money back refund for returned product).
I ordered a package deal, but I want to keep some of it and return the other part of it. Can I do this?
Yes, you may keep and return whatever you wish. However, please keep in mind that because the item(s) were part of a discounted package deal, we will need to adjust the pricing for those item(s) you are keeping to match their respective individual prices on our site. You will be refunded the difference.
How does shipping charges work with exchanges or returns?
If returning an item to our warehouse (whether it is a return or an exchange for another item), it is the customer's responsibility to pay the return shipping charges. Feel free to use whichever shipping method you prefer to send returned items back to us (see NOTE below).(NOTE: For shipping items back to us, we do recommend that you take advantage of a mail carrier's (UPS, Postal Service, FedEx, etc) "delivery confirmation" feature. This will allow you to easily track your return and make sure that it gets delivered to our address. Although most returns do successfully make it back to us, you should be realistic and realize that mail carriers (UPS, Postal Service, FedEx, etc) do occasionally make mistakes and may lose/mis-ship a package. In the rare event of a mistake occurring, you want to be able to track your package to see where it ends up at. We cannot be responsible for a returned item that was lost/mis-shipped in the mailing process. Once again, for this reason we do recommend that you use a "delivery confirmation" feature when sending back an item.)
I see that you had an item shipped to me directly from the manufacturer's warehouse. If I need to return it, do I send it back to the manufacturer's address which is on the box, or do I send the package to Buy4LessTuxedo.com?
Very important -- you must send it back to our warehouse, not the manufacturer's warehouse.Our address is:Buy4lessTuxedo.comAttention: Returns Department84 Parker AveTrenton, NJ 08609NOTE: If you return an item directly back to the manufacturer (instead of back to Buy4LessTuxedo.com), there is a good chance that we will have no record of the item being returned. If this occurs, we cannot be held responsible for the returned item(s).
I need to exchange an item for a different size or style. Will you send the new size/style out to me immediately or do you first wait to receive my original item before sending out the new exchanged item?
Exchanges are handled as new orders. For this reason, we will process and ship your new order immediately. We will not wait for your return items before processing your new order. Once we then receive your returned items, we will apply the refund back to your credit card for the items from the initial order.
Privacy & Security
What is your privacy policy?
We value our customers and their privacy. All personal information is used to ensure efficient processing of your order. This information is used by our staff for contacting and identifying customers and their needs. We will not give, sell, rent, or loan any personally identifiable information to any third party, unless we are legally required to do so or you authorize us to do so. Information Collection & Use:Our site's registration form requires users to give us contact information (like their name and email address). The customer's contact information is used to contact the visitor in the event of a problem when processing an order. For example, problems with credit card verification, product availability, etc. Users have a choice of receiving future mailings during the registration process.Our site uses an order form for customers to request information, products, and services. We collect visitor's contact information (like their email address), and financial information (like their account or credit card numbers). The customer's contact information is used to get in touch with the visitor when necessary. i.e, in the event there is a problem processing an order, corporate changes, or changes in privacy practices. Financial information that is collected is used to bill the user for products and services. The customer ID numbers are assigned to Web site visitors to verify the user's identity and for use as account numbers in our record system.Security:This website takes every precaution to protect our users' information. When users submit sensitive information via the website, your information is protected both online and off-line. When our registration/order form asks users to enter sensitive information (such as credit card number), that information is encrypted and protected. While on a secure page, such as our order form, the lock icon on the bottom of Web browsers such as Netscape Navigator and Microsoft Internet Explorer becomes locked, as opposed to un-locked, or open, when you are just "surfing". If you have any questions about the security at our web site, please send an e-mail via our contact form.
Is it safe and secure to submit my credit card and personal information online?
Absolutely, we do incorporate SSL (Secured Socket Layer) Technology. This encrypts your information and prevents others from being able to see your information.
Sizing & Fit
What size should I order for my suspenders?
One of the first questions customers new to suspenders ask is how sizing works for suspenders. At SuspendersInStock.com, we carry a variety of standard sizes, from children’s 36 inch suspenders to 60 inch suspenders for those of us who are big-and-tall. So how do you determine which suspenders will work best for you?Several considerations go into deciding which size will work best for you. Body shape and height are among the main considerations that you should begin with when choosing suspenders for you.  Although the most accurate way to size your suspenders is to use the "ACTUAL MEASURING METHOD", most customers can go the easy route and simply use the "HEIGHT GUESSTIMATE METHOD". HEIGHT "GUESSTIMATE" METHOD:> 5'0" to 6'1" -->  46" suspenders (most popular size)> 6'2" or taller -->  54" suspenders> children 5 yrs old to 5 feet tall --> order the 36" suspenders For the most accurate fitting, however, you are best advised to take a measure of your upper body. Here is how:Take a measuring tape and beginning at the back of your trousers where the suspenders will attach; run the tape up and over your opposite shoulder then down to spot on the front of your trousers where the suspenders will attach. (It is best to have a friend help you with these measurements, if possible.)Once you have that number, you then want to choose suspenders which are at least equal to that number or to choose the next size up. So if you measured 48 inches you would choose the 54 inch suspenders not the 46 inch variety which would be too small.  Suspenders can be shortened to fit, but since the measurement of the suspender is for the suspender at full length, they cannot be extended to fit larger sizes.That said, it is important to note that elastic suspenders have a great deal of give and even terry cloth suspenders will stretch a bit to adjust. So even should your measurements be slightly off, you should still be able to fit your suspenders.Buying your suspenders as a gift and can’t get exact measurements?No worries, you can take a rough guess by using this handy rule of thumb: if the wearer is 6'1" or under, the 46” suspenders should do. For those 6'2" or taller, try the 54” suspenders. For children, follow the age guidelines.And what if your measurements are off or if you don’t guess right?Also not a problem. You can return your purchase and replace it with the right size. Just be sure to keep all the packaging and not let the suspenders get damaged or stained before being returned. We value your business.
What is a separates size scale?
Before we explain what a "separates program" means, it may be a good idea to explain a "nested size scale". A nested size scale usually comes in what's called a "6-inch drop". This means that the pants come in a size that is 6 inches less than the jacket. For example, if a nested suit has a 40R jacket, the pants would automatically come with a 34 waist. If the gentleman wearing the tuxedo actually has a 33 waist, he would require his local tailor to take the pants in and make the 34 waist into a 33 waist.The desired feature about a "separates program" is that you can order any size pants with any size jacket. Using the example above, the same gentleman could order a 33 waist pants with his 40R jacket if the program is a "separates program".A large percentage of the tuxedos that we offer are available in a separates program; this makes things easier for sizing.
Can you do the tailoring/alterations for me prior to shipping?
We ship all of our items "factory new." This means that we do not do any alterations to products prior to shipping. You will be receiving them in factory new perfect condition. The most common item that needs to be altered on a tuxedo is the pants hem; this can be done by either a local tailor in your area or by a friend/family member who can sew.
How does Euro sizing convert to U.S. sizing in shirts?
Euro sized shirts come with a set sleeve length per the neck size. Your local tailor can shorten the sleeves if needed.European shirt conversionEuro 38 = 15" neck with 33.5" sleeveEuro 39 = 15.5" neck with 34" sleeveEuro 41 = 16" neck with 34.25" sleeveEuro 42 = 16.5" neck with 34.25" sleeveEuro 43 = 17" neck with 35.25" sleeveEuro 44 = 17.5" neck with 35.25" sleeveEuro 45 = 18" neck with 35.75" sleeveEuro 44 = 18.5" neck with 35.75" sleeveMost of our tuxedo shirts are labeled with US sizing. For reference, Brandolini tuxedo shirts use European sizing.
Are there size charts available to assist me in selecting the correct size?
Yes, on the majority of product detail pages, there is a "Size Chart" graphic. If you click on the "Size Chart" graphic, you can view additional details to assist you with sizing. Also, if you are having difficult with selecting the correct size, please do not hesitate to contact us.
FAQ - Product Information
Accessories
Do you sell fabric swatches so I can see, touch and feel the fabric?
Yes, you can purchase fabric swatches by visiting here. Swatch cards are available by collection. For example, the Solid Satin swatch card will have 65 fabric swatches on the card. The Venetian Collection will have 36 fabric swatches on the card. Etc. If interested in a swatch card, please add it to your shopping cart and checkout as normal. We will then ship out your swatch card within 1 business day.
Should the pleats on my cummerbund be facing up or down?
The pleats on your cummerbund should always be facing "up". Historically, gentlemen would tuck theater ticket stubs into the pleats of their cummerbunds.Others will tell you that the cummerbund was designed to catch crumbs at the dinner table. For this reason, the pleats face up. Although the logic is there, I still like to think that holding theater tickets is a more distinguished reason to wear your cummerbund pleats up ... :)
What is the standard size range for an adult cummerbund?
The standard range for adult cummerbunds is usually 27 inches to 48 inches. If your waist falls within these measurements, you can easily adjust the standard size adult cummerbund to your preferred sizing. For gentleman with a waist larger than 48 inches, you may require a "cummerbund extender."
What's the difference between "Black Enamel" tuxedo jewelry and "Black Genuine Onyx" tuxedo jewelry?
Black onyx is considered a "semi-precious stone" and tends to be a deeper black than a black enamel. Since black genuine onyx is considered to be better, a cost increase should also be expected when opting for the higher end semi-precious stone.If your budget allows, I would opt for the genuine onyx; however, most guests at an event will not be able to tell the difference unless they take a really close look at the jewelry. With that said, don't feel bad if you are donning your black enamel set at a formal event; it will be our secret ... :)
What size should I order for my suspenders?
One of the first questions customers new to suspenders ask is how sizing works for suspenders. At SuspendersInStock.com, we carry a variety of standard sizes, from children’s 36 inch suspenders to 60 inch suspenders for those of us who are big-and-tall. So how do you determine which suspenders will work best for you?Several considerations go into deciding which size will work best for you. Body shape and height are among the main considerations that you should begin with when choosing suspenders for you.  Although the most accurate way to size your suspenders is to use the "ACTUAL MEASURING METHOD", most customers can go the easy route and simply use the "HEIGHT GUESSTIMATE METHOD". HEIGHT "GUESSTIMATE" METHOD:> 5'0" to 6'1" -->  46" suspenders (most popular size)> 6'2" or taller -->  54" suspenders> children 5 yrs old to 5 feet tall --> order the 36" suspenders For the most accurate fitting, however, you are best advised to take a measure of your upper body. Here is how:Take a measuring tape and beginning at the back of your trousers where the suspenders will attach; run the tape up and over your opposite shoulder then down to spot on the front of your trousers where the suspenders will attach. (It is best to have a friend help you with these measurements, if possible.)Once you have that number, you then want to choose suspenders which are at least equal to that number or to choose the next size up. So if you measured 48 inches you would choose the 54 inch suspenders not the 46 inch variety which would be too small.  Suspenders can be shortened to fit, but since the measurement of the suspender is for the suspender at full length, they cannot be extended to fit larger sizes.That said, it is important to note that elastic suspenders have a great deal of give and even terry cloth suspenders will stretch a bit to adjust. So even should your measurements be slightly off, you should still be able to fit your suspenders.Buying your suspenders as a gift and can’t get exact measurements?No worries, you can take a rough guess by using this handy rule of thumb: if the wearer is 6'1" or under, the 46” suspenders should do. For those 6'2" or taller, try the 54” suspenders. For children, follow the age guidelines.And what if your measurements are off or if you don’t guess right?Also not a problem. You can return your purchase and replace it with the right size. Just be sure to keep all the packaging and not let the suspenders get damaged or stained before being returned. We value your business.
Do all tuxedo pants have suspender/brace buttons sewn in the pants?
No, not all tuxedo pants have suspender/brace buttons sewn in the pants. However, it is very easy for your local tailor to add suspender/brace buttons into the pants.For reference, most of the "adjustable waist" pants do not have suspender/brace buttons in the pants. Most of the exact waist trousers do have suspender/brace buttons in the pants. (NOTE: this is just a general observation).Bottom line: I would not be overly concerned with whether or not there are suspender/brace buttons in the pants. It is a simple and easy process to have your local tailor add these buttons if desired.In case you were wondering what the difference is between suspenders and braces, formal suspenders have the clips that attach to the top of the pants; whereas formal braces fasten to the inside buttons of the tuxedo pants.
Boys Shop
Kid's tuxedo packages - What size should I order?
Boys Tuxedo Sizing GuideUse this helpful sizing guide to determine a variety of important measurements. (NOTE: although this chart is accurate for many of our customers, we cannot guarantee that it will work for everyone since children come in different shapes and sizes.)   Coat Size   Height    Weight    Chest   Waist    Outseam     Neck Sleeve        3 or 4   37" - 39"     35 - 39   22½"    19"  20½" - 21" 10" - 10½"    19"          4   40" - 43"    40 - 43    23"    20"   21" - 22" 10" - 10½"    19"          5   44" - 46"    44 - 47    24"    21"   22" - 23" 11" - 11½"    23"          6   47" - 49"    48 - 52    25"    22"   24" - 25" 11" - 11½"    23"          7   50" - 51"    53 - 57   25¾"    23"  25½" - 26" 11" - 11½"    23"          8   52" - 53"    58 - 64   26½"    24"   27" - 28" 11" - 11½"    23"         10   54" - 56"    65 - 80    28"    25"   29" - 30" 12" - 12½"    27"         12   57" - 59"    81 - 90   29¼"    26"   31" - 32" 12" - 12½"    27"         14   60" - 62"    91 - 103   31½"    27"   33" - 35" 13" - 13½"    30"         16   63" - 65"  106 - 123    33"    28"   36" - 37" 13" - 13½"    30"         18   66" - 67"  124 - 135   34½"    29"   38" - 39" 14" - 14½"    32"How to Measure a Boys Tuxedo Suit 1. SleeveMeasure from the shoulder seam at the top of the sleeve to the bottom of the sleeve.2. ChestMeasure underneath the arms around the body at the thickest part of the chest. Measure pants that fit your child well.3. WaistMeasure around the natural waistline which is about 2 inches (5 cm) above the navel (bellly button). An elastic waist can stretch another 1 - 2 inches (2.5 - 5 cm).4. OutseamMeasure from the waist to the floor.5. InseamMeasure from the crotch to the bottom of the pants leg.*** Still confused? We take pride in assisting our customers. If you would like assistance in choosing your sizes, please feel free to contact us.
Do you carry tuxedo shoes for children in boys sizes?
Yes, please visit our Boys Shop section, specifically boys tuxedo shoes.
Where can I find all of your boys formal wear?
For a complete listing of all our formalwear which focuses on the little guy, please visit the Boys Shop.  From there, you can easily use the left menu to begin filtering your results.
Bow Ties
Do you carry "self tie bow ties" and "pre-tied bow ties"?
Yes, you have the option of ordering a "pre-tied" bow tie or "self tie" bow tie in most fabrics and colors. The pre-tied adjustable bow ties will expand from a 13 neck to 24 neck. The self tie bow ties will accommodate up to an 18.5 neck.
How do I tie a bow tie?
How to tie a bowtie.For the brave few who enter into creating the ultimate classic tuxedo look knowing how to tie a self-tie bowtie is a must. First thing to consider is the material of the bowtie itself. Silk bowties are often slightly more demanding than deluxe polysatin bowties to knot correctly. The reason for this is due to the smooth texture of the silk, which causes the knot too loosen slightly more frequently. Don’t let this fact daunt you, silk just requires a bit more patience. Speaking of patience, please have lots of it when you first start tying your own self tie bowtie. The knot itself is simple but it does take time to balance both sides of the bowtie for a clean look. With that said lets start on the knot tying basics. 1) Place the bow tie around your neck, situating it so that one end is about two inches longer than the other end.2) Cross end over end.3) Bring one end up and under the loop.4) Now double one end over itself to form the front base loop of the bow tie.5) Loop the other end over the center of the loop you just formed.6) Holding everything in place, double that end back on itself and poke it through the loop behind the bow tie.7) Adjust the bow tie by tugging at the ends of it andThat's all there is to it. Again patience and practice will lead you on to the path to bowtie greatness and the envy of all who wear a pre-tied bowtie. Then again if your event is the next day the pre tied bowtie option may be the best for you to present a clean look in your tuxedo at your next formal event.
Do you sell fabric swatches so I can see, touch and feel the fabric?
Yes, you can purchase fabric swatches by visiting here. Swatch cards are available by collection. For example, the Solid Satin swatch card will have 65 fabric swatches on the card. The Venetian Collection will have 36 fabric swatches on the card. Etc. If interested in a swatch card, please add it to your shopping cart and checkout as normal. We will then ship out your swatch card within 1 business day.
Shirts
"Using studs" vs. "Using buttons" on a tuxedo shirt?
When it comes to formal wear, studs are usually preferred over regular buttons on a tuxedo shirt. Often times customers are confused about the buttons going down the center of a tuxedo shirt. Often times, manufacturers will still include shirt buttons going down the center placket of the shirt. However, there is usually a small slit near each shirt button. The slit is there so you can slide your stud through the slit; you will then use the stud to fasten your shirt instead of the shirt button. Was that confusing? ... :)If you are wearing a bow tie, you absolutely want to be certain that you are wearing studs with your tuxedo. If you are wearing a long tie, you can technically get away with not wearing studs on the shirt because the tie will cover the center placket of the shirt. However, if you end up loosening your tie or taking your tie off at the end of the night, it would be better if you were displaying a nice set of studs instead of basic buttons on a shirt.Bottom line: it is recommended to wear studs whenever you are donning your formal attire. Don't overlook the small details; it's usually the small details that separate the average from the exceptional.To view various formal wear jewelry sets to go with your tuxedo shirt, please check out our studs and cufflinks sets in a silver setting or studs and cufflinks in a gold setting.
What is a "convertible cuff" on a tuxedo shirt?
Tuxedo shirts usually have either a "french cuff" or a "convertible cuff". For reference, a french cuff has the extra fabric down at the cuff of the shirt that needed to be folded up prior to putting in a cufflink. With french cuffs, you are required to wear a cufflink with the shirt.A convertible cuff does not have the extra fabric that folds up like a french cuff; instead, it has a button enclosure. In addition to the button enclosure, there is also a small slit near the button. The reason the small slit is there is so you can feed a cufflink through the slit so you can still wear a cufflink with the shirt. The reason this style of cuff is called a "convertible cuff" is because you can wear the shirt either with or without cufflinks. However, when it comes to tuxedos and formal wear, it is recommended to always wear formal cufflinks with your tuxedo shirt.
What is a "fly front" on a tuxedo shirt?
The fly front shirt has a front placket of fabric that covers the buttons down the vertical length of the shirt. This provides a sleek clean look with no need for studs to be worn (as they would not be seen). We have several fly front tuxedo shirts available. The most popular fly front formal shirt that we offer is the Hugo Boss tuxedo shirt.
Do you carry fitted tuxedo shirts (also called slim fit tuxedo shirts or trim fit tuxedo shirts)?
A few years ago, fitted tuxedo shirts were more difficult to find. Prior to the introduction of a fitted tuxedo shirt, the common solution was to purchase a regular sized shirt and then bring it to a local tailor to taper the shirt in. More recently, formal wear manufacturers have been more accommodating to consumer demands and have begun producing fitted shirts. Features on the fitted shirts will include an overall tapered fit including the torso and sleeves. Athletic gentleman of all ages, especially younger consumers (18 - 35), tend to appreciate the streamlined fit of these fitted tuxedo shirts.If interested in a fitted or trim fit shirt, please check out our fitted tuxedo shirts.
Which tuxedo shirts have pleats that go all the way down to the bottom of the shirt?
Some tuxedo shirts have a pleated "bib front". This means that the pleats are only on the bib portion of the shirt and do not go all the way down to the bottom of the shirt.Usually your higher-end tuxedo shirts will have the pleats running all the way to the bottom of the shirt. If you would prefer your pleats to go all the way to the bottom of the shirt, you should consider checking out Cristoforo Cardi tuxedo shirts or Gitman tuxedo shirts.
I see that you have over 100 tuxedo shirts. Where should I start?
Although we have over 100 tuxedo shirts in our product line, all tuxedo shirts are organized in a highly organized format. Instead of feeling overwhelmed with the selection, customers only have to make a few easy decisions which will guide them to their best option. The first step is to decide on "shirt color"; most gentleman go with white, but other alternatives are available.After deciding on color, the second step is deciding on the "shirt collar". Today, a high percentage of gentleman go with a laydown collar, but any of the collar styles are formally acceptable at virtually all formal affairs.Once color and collar are decided, the third decision is deciding if you "want pleats or no pleats". Some gentleman prefer that pleats give a more formal look to an ensemble; whereas other gentleman believe that the cleaner look of no pleats is more appealing. Once these 3 easy initial decisions are made, you have effectively narrowed your search in finding the best formal wear tuxedo shirt for you.If you would like a white tuxedo shirt, click on this white tuxedo shirt link and you will be guided through the process of narrowing your results. If you are seeking an ivory tuxedo shirt, click on this ivory tuxedo shirt link and your results will be displayed. If you prefer a black tuxedo shirt, click on the black tuxedo shirt link and all your black tuxedo shirts will be displayed.
How does Euro sizing convert to U.S. sizing in shirts?
Euro sized shirts come with a set sleeve length per the neck size. Your local tailor can shorten the sleeves if needed.European shirt conversionEuro 38 = 15" neck with 33.5" sleeveEuro 39 = 15.5" neck with 34" sleeveEuro 41 = 16" neck with 34.25" sleeveEuro 42 = 16.5" neck with 34.25" sleeveEuro 43 = 17" neck with 35.25" sleeveEuro 44 = 17.5" neck with 35.25" sleeveEuro 45 = 18" neck with 35.75" sleeveEuro 44 = 18.5" neck with 35.75" sleeveMost of our tuxedo shirts are labeled with US sizing. For reference, Brandolini tuxedo shirts use European sizing.
What tuxedo shirt fabrics are available?
The big day is coming up and you are looking at the shirt selection like it’s from Mars. With so many choices for shirts it’s important to know the basics and make your decision after reviewing several choices. Before we get into the tuxedo style types there are a few key questions you should ask yourself. Do you regularly wear business shirts? Do you feel comfortable with a bowtie or 4 in hand tie? What type of event are you attending? Think about these for a moment and we will revisit your answers in a bit.Collar Types Now for the basics. The most common tuxedo shirt that you will encounter is the classic wingtip collar. This is the shirt collar that looks like there are two triangles pointed away from each other at right angles to the neck. Traditionally this was worn with only a bowtie compliment, but recently 4 in hand ties have been accepted also. Also, cravats and ascots are always allowed with style shirt. Consider this design for White-tie, Formal Black-Tie, and conservative formal events. When in doubt wear the wingtip collar, you will not go wrong.Next up, the laydown collar. This collar evolved from the classic business shirt over to formal wear and is essentially the same but without the button down collar tabs. There are subtle variations within this category like the European spread collar, which curves more on the front edges. Formal neckwear selection for laydown collar falls into the all of the above category, but most people wear the 4 in hand or bowtie. The reason for the flexibility in neckwear options is due to the fact that this collar is considered non traditional, allowing the rules to be bent a little. The laydown collar is good for weddings, proms, New Years, and pretty much any other event that is not a conservative formal.Last but not least the mandarin collar rounds out the collar category. This collar type is also know as a Chinese collar, a clerical collar or Nehru collar, and has the distinctive round edge with no collar to speak of. The only neckwear that can be worn with a mandarin collar is a button cover. This shirt is the king for all who hate dress shirts but have to wear one anyway. DJ’s in particular love this shirt design. Changing up the style is as easy as changing the button cover color.Fabric and PleatsWhat is the difference between a poly/cotton blend, microfiber, and 100% cotton? Read on if you’re a little unsure. Poly/cotton blend tuxedo shirts are usually a 65/35 blend of polyester and cotton. These shirts are typically the cheapest and come in pin tuck pleats ( 1/8 inch) or ¼ inch pleating. The standard shirt is usually the ¼ inch pleat, with the pin tuck being used mostly by the service industry. The poly/cotton blend shirts come with buttons and eyelets for studs and cufflinks. The cuff is a barrel cuff, which allows both buttons and studs.The classic tuxedo shirt is 100% cotton shirt, ½ inch pleats and full French cuffs. This is the standard all other tuxedo shirts are measured by. The 100% cotton breathes better as a fabric and can attain that super crisp look depending on the amount of starch used during pressing. Full French cuffs have the double thick cuff that allows the cufflinks being worn to really stand out. Different types of cotton and texture within the cotton fabric can add to the uniqueness of your shirt. Typically the textured cotton types are made without any pleats as the cotton texture acts as a substitute. Pleating will vary from ¼ inch pleats to a full 1 inch pleats, but the classic tuxedo shirt will always be the ½ inch pleat.Microfiber tuxedo shirts are the newest addition to the fabric lineup, straddling the best of both worlds in fabric. Being a synthetic it is more wrinkle resistant than cotton and extremely colorfast. By weaving the thread in a similar way to organic fibers it has a softness and flexibility that rivals cotton. Being the new kid on the block this fabric is often overlooked, but when you need a consistent color and good looks there is no other way to go. Case in point, the Ray by Talia will rival most high end ivory tuxedo shirts, but without the cost. Also any of the brilliant colors like celadon, pink, or cardinal red are all made in a microfiber for quality control and longevity.
Can a long tie be worn with a wingtip collar?
Formal long ties can be worn with wingtip shirts if the neckwear is pre-tied. This allows for an even sized band to be seen around the neck.
White tuxedo shirt vs. Ivory tuxedo shirt for my upcoming wedding?
If your bride is wearing white, it is recommended to go with a white tuxedo shirt. If your bride is wearing ivory/cream/off-white/diamond white, it is recommended to wear an ivory tuxedo shirt. The Como Ivory Laydown Tuxedo Shirt is a very popular ivory tuxedo shirt because it is done in a very light ivory tone and appeals to most brides and grooms.
Shoes
Do I have to wear shiny patent shoes with my tuxedo?
With most tuxedos, you will usually see gentlemen wearing a new pair of shiny patent shoes. Patent shoes are available in either a patent leather or a patent PVC. The patent application gives the shoe it's "formal tuxedo shine". Although patent shoes are usually recommended with tuxedos, they are not mandatory. If you are totally against wearing patent shoes, you can wear a pair of your black dress shoes as long as you spend a good 5 minutes or so giving the shoes a proper polish. A tuxedo with unpolished shoes is definitely a formal no-no.If your budget allows, we do recommend investing in a pair of formal black tuxedo shoes to go with your tuxedo. If you are wearing a white tuxedo or an ivory tuxedo, please be sure to check out our white tuxedo shoes or ivory tuxedo shoes.
Tuxedo Shoes --- U.S. sizes vs. European sizes?
All of our tuxedo shoes use a US size scale. For our overseas customers who need assistance in sizing conversions, please visit the link below:http://www.onlineconversion.com/clothing_shoes_mens.htm
I have wide feet. What are my best options?
Most of our tuxedo shoes are available in either regular widths (D) or wide widths (EE or EEE). Each product page will display size options available for that particular shoe.Regarding styling, tuxedo shoe styles that have a larger "toe box" (maybe a square toe or subtle square toe) will also provide gentleman with wide feet additional comfort compared to the more rounded toes whicu usually have narrower toe box.
Are tuxedo shoes comfortable? Can I wear my tuxedo shoes all day?
The good news is that formal tuxedo shoes have come a long way from the tux shoes made a decade ago. Tuxedo shoes from the past were much more rigid and were not as comfortable as today's formal shoes. Most of today's tuxedo shoes have better support and more comfortable insoles. Now of course, tuxedo shoes are not as comfortable as your sneakers or casual shoes. With that said, I wouldn't recommend wearing your tuxedo shoes for an entire 24 hour day; however, you should be fine wearing your tuxedo shoes throughout an entire evening.Here's a small tip. Pairing your formal shoes with a comfortable pair of socks will also make things easier on your feet. If you have narrow feet, you may to wear a thicker pair of black cotton socks. If you have wider feet, you may wish to wear a thinner shear pair of black socks.
Do you carry EEE or EEEE width tuxedo shoes?
When you purchase regular mens dress shoes, often times you can get very specific with sizing such as "B", "C", "D", "E", "EE", "EEE", "EEEE", etc.When it comes to mens formal wear tuxedo shoes, there usually are not as many options. Most patent tuxedo shoes are available in (2) sizes -- either "Medium" or "Wide". In general, medium width shoes are a D width. Wide widths are usually EE or EEE width.If you are a EEEE width shoe, I advise that you do not order online and try visiting a local store to try on your shoes.
Do you carry tuxedo shoes for children in boys sizes?
Yes, please visit our Boys Shop section, specifically boys tuxedo shoes.
Tuxedos
What does it mean when the sizing says "6 inch drop" on a tuxedo?
"Nested sizing" is also frequently referred to as a 6" drop size scale. This means whatever the jacket size is the trousers will be 6" less. For example a 40R jacket only comes with 34" waist trousers (no mix and matching). A size 42R would come with 36" waist trousers; a 44R would come with 38 waist trousers, etc. In addition to "6 inch drop", some designers such as Paul Betenly are now creating "7 inch drop" tuxedos as well.Even if your sizes do not fit a perfect 6 inch drop, your local tailor can usually do minor alterations to have the tuxedo fit you properly. For example, suppose you are a 40R jacket but have a 32 inch waist. In this situation, your tailor will take your 34 waist pants in to a 32 waist. Suppose a different gentleman is a 40R jacket but has a 35 waist. In this situation, the tailor would then let the waist out at the seams to accommodate the 35 inch waist.For gentleman's measurements that are not close to a 6 inch drop (ex. 50R jacket with 48 waist or 50R jacket with 36 waist), it is recommended to not purchase a nested tuxedo with a 6 inch drop and look for a tuxedo available in a "separates program". A separates program allows the customer to order any size jacket with any size pants.For reference, many of the tuxedos that we carry are available in a separates program. If you are interested in a higher-end separates tuxedo, please be sure to check out the Mirage by Calvin Klein Tuxedo or the Langford by Ralph Lauren Tuxedo.
Do tuxedo pants come hemmed or unhemmed?
With most tuxedos, the pants come "unhemmed". To be on the safe side, you are given plenty of extra fabric on each leg of the pants. Once you receive your trousers, you would then either have a "local tailor" or "friend/family member who can sew" hem the pants for you. This allows you to have your pants hemmed to your preferred inseam for a perfect fit.Sometimes, customers may get a little confused on why they select an "inseam range" on their order form. For example, a "short rise inseam" is listed on our site as "27 - 29", a "regular rise inseam" is listed as "30 - 32", a "long rise inseam" is listed as "33 - 35", and an "X-Long rise inseam" is listed as 35"+.Regardless of what inseam you select, you will still receive pants with 37+ inches of fabric. We still ask for your "inseam range" because this allows us to know what "rise" pants are best for you. The "rise" is the length from your "waist" to your "crotch inseam". Without getting too technical, an easy way to decipher your pant "rise" is simply going based on height. Shorter guys (5'7" and under) tend to go with a "short rise" trouser; regular size guys (5'8" to 6') tend to go with a "regular rise" trouser; tall guys (6'1" - 6'3") will usually go with a "long rise" trousers; and really tall guys (6'3" +) will opt for the "X-Long" rise trouser.Back to the "unhemmed pants issue" ... even though you are given enough fabric to put a "cuff" in the pants (similar to some mens dress suit styles), it is recommended that you go with a "straight hem" on your tuxedo.
Are tuxedo jacket buttons usually satin, wool, or plastic?
The buttons on a tuxedo will usually match the fabric treatment on the lapels on the tuxedo. For example, most tuxedos have satin lapels; therefore, the buttons on the tuxedo will usually be covered in satin. Another fabric variation on lapels is faille (pronounced "file"; it is a subtle ribbed fabric). If a tuxedo has faille lapels, the button on the jacket will usually be covered in a faille fabric. For reference, a faille lapel is not nearly as popular as a satin lapel. Most gentleman will wear a tuxedo with satin lapels.In case you were curious, the pockets of a tuxedo will also usually have the same fabric treatment as the lapels and buttons on a jacket. Also, the ribbon going down the outer leg of the tuxedo pants will usually be made out of the same fabric as well. As mentioned above, the satin stripe (also called ribbon, piping, or braid) going down the outer leg of the pants is usually satin.Another interesting point to mention is that dinner jackets usually do not have satin on the lapels. A dinner jacket will usually have "self lapels". Self lapels means that the lapels material is the same material as the rest of the jacket. With dinner jackets, the jacket buttons are usually either self-covered buttons (same fabric as the jacket) or they are plastic. Usually your higher grade dinner jackets will use self-fabric buttons.
Can a tuxedo be worn with just a tuxedo tie or do you have to wear a vest/cummerbund with the tie?
When a comes to accessorizing your tuxedo, there are a few basic rules to understand regarding neckwear. If you are wearing a long tie, you would usually NOT wear a cummerbund. Although you can pull off just the long tie look only; a tuxedo vest is often recommended because it tends to give a more formal and special look to your ensemble.If you are wearing a bowtie, then you do want to wear either a vest or a cummerbund with the bowtie. Otherwise, there is just too much shirt showing with just a bowtie only.
What is a convertible flap besom pocket on a tuxedo?
A "convertible besom flap" means that you can showcase the tuxedo pockets two different ways. You can wear the tuxedo with the flaps of the pockets hanging down ... or if you prefer, you can tuck the flap pockets into the besom pocket and then you get the look of a tuxedo with double besom pockets. For reference, the majority of tuxedos do not have flaps and have what is called a double besom pocket. This is when your pocket appears to be a slit with small satin strip accents on the pockets.The next question we often get is "Should I get a tuxedo with or without flap pockets?". This simply comes down to preference. You will see both inexpensive tuxedos with or without flap pockets; you will also see very high-end tuxedos both with or without pockets. Don't worry too much about this small detail. As mentioned before, it's simply a matter of preference.
How does viscose blend tuxedos compare to wool tuxedos?
Viscose blend tuxedos compare exceptionally well to wool tuxedos. Viscose blends are a very versatile fiber and have the same comfort properties as natural fibers. It can imitate the feel and texture of silk, wool, cotton and linen. The fibers are easily dyed in a wide range of colors. While viscose fabrics are soft, smooth, cool, comfortable, and highly absorbent, they do not over-insulate body heat making them ideal for use in hot and humid climates. Perhaps one of the best features of viscose blend fabrics is that they are usually more cost effective than their wool counterparts, but they still offer the levels of comfort and softness that high grade wools provide.With advancements in weaving technologies over the last several years, there are some beautiful viscose blend tuxedos available. Be sure to check out the Cardi tuxedos available in a Super 150s luxury blend viscose fabric. Many styles are available including a 2-button notch, 1-button notch, 1-button peak, 1-button shawl, tailcoat, etc.
Can I wear my belt with my tuxedo pants?
Belts are usually not worn with tuxedo pants. Most tuxedo pants will not even have belt loops to accommodate a belt. (NOTE: there are a few exceptions, but most designers will not have the belt loops). If a gentleman needs something to hold up his trousers, formal suspenders or formal braces are often used in lieu of belts. For reference, "suspenders" have the clip ends and fasten to the top band of the pants; whereas "braces" have woven ends that fasten to interior buttons in the trousers.Formal braces and formal suspenders are available in an assortment of color, fabrics, and styles. With men's tuxedos, the two most popular colors are black formal braces or white formal braces.
What does 'non-vented back' mean on tuxedo jackets?
Tuxedos come in either "non-vented", "center-vented", or "side-vented" styles. This means that there is no vent in the back of the jacket (full stitched). "Center vented" means that there is a center vent in the back of jacket (similar to a slit). "Side vents" means that there is a vent (or slit) on each side of the jacket.Larger gentleman are often more comfortable with non-vented versions; otherwise, the vents tend to flare out. Trimmer gentleman have the option of going either way (with or without vents).Many of the European styles implement side vents in their styles.
What is an "inset satin lapel" or "framed satin lapel"?
"Full satin lapels" have satin on the entire lapel. A new twist to satin lapels is partial satin lapels. "Inset satin lapels" have satin in just the inner portion of the lapel. "Framed satin lapels" have satin on the outer trim of the lapels. Many of the hot new tuxedo styles are offering inset satin lapels and framed satin lapels.The Cardi Infinity or the Michael Kors Obsession are examples of framed satin lapel tuxedos. The Cardi Vogue is an example of an inset satin lapel tuxedo.
Do all tuxedos have "satin lapels"?
One of the key characteristics of a tuxedo is satin treatments on the lapels. If you remove the satin from the lapels, in essence you then have just a regular mens suit.If you want to maintain the most "classic, traditional formal look," it is advised to have a tuxedo with "full satin lapels." However, in today's fashion world you are seeing a trend of implementing partial satin lapel treatments into the design and styling. For example, "framed satin lapels or trimmed satin lapels" are lapels where just the outer portion of the lapels are satin; "inset satin lapels" are lapels where just the inner portion of the lapels are satin.So whether you are going with "full satin lapels" or "partial satin lapels", you can feel confident that you are still adhering to standard formal ettiquette with your selection.
When are tailcoats worn?
Tailcoats, also known as "tails," are the most formal of all formal attire (the very best tuxedo if you will). Typically they are worn only after sundown, or at parties that begin earlier but will carry into the evening. If you ever receive an invitation that says "White Tie Affair", a formal tailcoat ensemble is required and expected. Proper accessories to go with your tailcoat are a white pique tuxedo shirt, a white pique formal vest and a matching white pique bow tie.
What is a separates size scale?
Before we explain what a "separates program" means, it may be a good idea to explain a "nested size scale". A nested size scale usually comes in what's called a "6-inch drop". This means that the pants come in a size that is 6 inches less than the jacket. For example, if a nested suit has a 40R jacket, the pants would automatically come with a 34 waist. If the gentleman wearing the tuxedo actually has a 33 waist, he would require his local tailor to take the pants in and make the 34 waist into a 33 waist.The desired feature about a "separates program" is that you can order any size pants with any size jacket. Using the example above, the same gentleman could order a 33 waist pants with his 40R jacket if the program is a "separates program".A large percentage of the tuxedos that we offer are available in a separates program; this makes things easier for sizing.
I see many comments on the notch and the peak type tuxedo; however, I don't see much on the shawl type. How classic and popular is the shawl type tuxedo?
Although we sell more notch and peak tuxedos compared to shawl tuxedos, the one-button black shawl tuxedo in still considered a classic tuxedo. You may see some more trendy shawls out there in 2-button models or styles with framed satin edges; however, if your goal is to maintain and classic look but you like the overall styling of the shawl lapel, stay with the black 1-button shawl tuxedo with satin lapels.If you are interested in a black shawl tuxedo, please visit our black shawl tuxedos.
I thought all tuxedos were black. What other colors are there?
By far, black tuxedos are the most popular. However, other colored tuxedos are also available. White, ivory, chocolate, navy, and grey are other possibilities for gentleman who want something a little different. The satin accents on these other colored tuxedos will frequently match the color of the jacket fabric. For example, ivory tuxedos have ivory satin lapels; chocolate tuxedos normally have chocolate satin lapels, etc. However, another great look is having black satin lapels contrasting with the jacket color. Examples include the Cardi Fitzgerald tuxes or the Zonettie Reno tuxedos.
Do you carry any used tuxedos?
No, we do not carry any used tuxedos. All of our tuxedos are brand new with all original tags.
Do all tuxedo pants have suspender/brace buttons sewn in the pants?
No, not all tuxedo pants have suspender/brace buttons sewn in the pants. However, it is very easy for your local tailor to add suspender/brace buttons into the pants.For reference, most of the "adjustable waist" pants do not have suspender/brace buttons in the pants. Most of the exact waist trousers do have suspender/brace buttons in the pants. (NOTE: this is just a general observation).Bottom line: I would not be overly concerned with whether or not there are suspender/brace buttons in the pants. It is a simple and easy process to have your local tailor add these buttons if desired.In case you were wondering what the difference is between suspenders and braces, formal suspenders have the clips that attach to the top of the pants; whereas formal braces fasten to the inside buttons of the tuxedo pants.
Should I select "white" or "ivory" for my dinner jacket color?
White dinner jackets are often worn if in warm tropical climates, while on a vacation or on a cruise. If you are attending an event in the city, it is preferred to go with an ivory/cream/off white dinner jacket.A pure white dinner jacket will always be a synthetic fiber (such as a polyester). If you prefer a 100% wool dinner jacket, you will need to go with an off white or ivory dinner jacket.
Can you tell me more about "pant inseam"?
The pant inseam is technically the measurement from the seam at your "crotch area" (for lack of a better term) down to the bottom of your pants (near your foot/ankle). (NOTE: for reference, your outseam is the term used for the measurement from your top hip down to the bottom of your pants. Some tuxedo rental stores prefer to use "outseam" measurement -- mostly because I don't think they want to put their tape measure near your "goodies" ... :)When you go to a store and buy a pair of jeans, you normally buy them based on your "waist size" and your "pant inseam". For example, maybe you get your jeans in a 34 waist / 32 inseam ... or maybe a 38 waist / 30 inseam, etc.With most tuxedos, the pants come "unhemmed"; however, you are given plenty of extra fabric to be on the safe side. For example, you will have 37+ inches of fabric on all tuxedo pants (whether you select a "Short rise inseam ... 27 - 29", "Regular rise inseam ... 30 - 32" or "Long rise inseam ... 33 - 35", etc. In general, think of "rise" associated with height. If you are a short guy, go with the short rise; if you are a regular size guy, go with the regular rise; if you are tall guy, go with the long rise; if you are a really, really tall guy, go with the X-Long rise.In case you were wondering on why all that extra fabric? Manufacturers provide this extra fabric in case you want to "cuff" your pants; however, it is recommended that you do a "straight hem" with tuxedo trousers, not a cuff.
Should I have my tuxedo pants tailored with a "straight hem" or "cuff"?
When you receive your tuxedo pants, you will have plenty of extra fabric available to do either a "straight hem" or a "cuff." However, although cuffs are normally fine with mens suits, we advise a "straight hem" when it comes to formal wear and tuxedos.
Do all tuxedo pants come "unhemmed"? Are there any tuxedo pants that come "pre-hemmed"?
Most tuxedo pants come "unhemmed." These pants are manufactured with plenty of extra fabric at the bottoms to allow for easy tailoring.If you prefer your pants to be pre-hemmed, check out these pre-hemmed pants.
What is worsted wool?
Worsted wool is the most common fabric used in the manufacturer of tuxedos. Worsted preparation refers to the way the fiber is prepared before spinning, using gilling machines which force the fiber staples to lie parallel to each other. Once these fibers have been made into a top, they are then combed to remove the short fibers. The long fibers are combined in subsequent gilling machines to again make the fibers parallel.Worsted fabric made from wool has a natural recovery, meaning that it is resilient and quickly returns to its natural shape. In Tropical Worsteds this use of tightly-spun straightened wool combined with a looser weave permits the free flow of air through the fabric.*If you are looking for a lighter weight wool, try tuxedos made from Super 100's or higher.
Can you do the tailoring/alterations for me prior to shipping?
We ship all of our items "factory new." This means that we do not do any alterations to products prior to shipping. You will be receiving them in factory new perfect condition. The most common item that needs to be altered on a tuxedo is the pants hem; this can be done by either a local tailor in your area or by a friend/family member who can sew.
What are the different types of jacket lapels?
The most popular of the lapels is the notch lapel, which has the notch cut out similar to a suit lapel. This style can be worn to any event although a peak or shawl is usually the attire for Ultra Black Tie formal events. These events typically instruct the guest on the correct form of dress but if you are not sure always ask.The peak lapel style mentioned before has a point coming off the top off the lapel. Peaked derive its heritage from the tailcoat, shawl from the smoking jacket.The shawl lapel produces a softer, old-world image and tends to be used on alternative tuxedo jackets such as the white summer dinner jacket, velvet smoking coat, or more idiosyncratic ones in wool tartan or cotton madras.Men with round faces or less muscular physiques generally look smarter in the uplifting, sharper-angles, pointed-end peaked lapel. Both lapels possess the sweep and self-importance that helps differentiate the black-tie coat from the less formal suit jacket.
What is considered the "most classic" lapel style on a tuxedo?
Most Classic vs. Most Popular ...This question is often answered incorrectly by many tuxedo store operators. When you walk into a tuxedo store, the owners will often tell you that "notch lapels" are the most classic styles. While notch lapel are the "most popular" styles, they are technically not considered the most classic."Peak lapels" are technically the most classic formal lapels; they were preferred on the first tuxedos over a century ago. In spite of this fact, you will still encounter many people telling you that the notch is the most classic style. No need to fight on this small detail ...Bottom Line: both the notch lapel tuxedo and peak lapel tuxedo will evoke a sense of classic styling in today's market.
Vests
Do the bow ties match the fabric of the tuxedo vest?
With all of our tuxedo vest collections, there is always a matching bow tie that you can purchase. This bow tie is crafted from the exact same material as the vest. If you are purchasing a vest, we always advise ordering the matching bow tie as well. Even if you plan on wearing a long tie with your vest for your upcoming event, it is still good to own the matching bow tie to keep the set together. By owning both the long tie and the bow tie, you can change up your neck wear for different events. Although we normally recommend ordering the matching bow tie in the same fabric as the tuxedo vest, some customers like to also wear a solid black satin bow tie with a patterned vest. This look is formally appropriate as well.
Are any of your tuxedo vests available in tall or long versions?
Yes, all of the CARDI vests are available in "Tall / Long sizes". For example, there is "Medium Long", "Large Long", "XL-Long", 2XL-Long", "3XL-Long", "4XL-Long", and "5XL-Long".The long version vests add 2 inches to the length of the vest. These vests usually work very well for gentleman who are 6'2" or taller and/or gentleman with long torsos.To view all the tall tuxedo vests, please visit our Tall Tuxedo Vests section. You will then have the opportunity to narrow your search by color.
What is the difference between Cardi tuxedo vests and Cristoforo Cardi tuxedo vests?
Both Cardi tuxedo vests and Cristoforo Cardi tuxedo vests are made by the same designer. The biggest difference between the two labels is that the Cardi vests will usually use synthetic fibers such as a high grade satin or polyester; whereas, the Cristoforo Cardi vests will use high grade 100% silk fabrics.For reference, most tuxedo vests are crafted in either a polyester or satin fabric and are available in over 100 different colors. The 100% silk vests are usually reserved for gentleman who only desire the best when it comes to their formal wear accessories; the silk formal vests are available in limited neutral colors such as black, white, ivory, silver, or platinum. Whether you wear a Cardi tuxedo vest or Cristoforo Cardi tuxedo vest, you can feel comfortable and confident that you are wearing a high quality formal vest.
Do you sell fabric swatches so I can see, touch and feel the fabric?
Yes, you can purchase fabric swatches by visiting here. Swatch cards are available by collection. For example, the Solid Satin swatch card will have 65 fabric swatches on the card. The Venetian Collection will have 36 fabric swatches on the card. Etc. If interested in a swatch card, please add it to your shopping cart and checkout as normal. We will then ship out your swatch card within 1 business day.
Contact support
Your Email
Message
Submit