http://www.econugenics.com/pages/privacy-policy
Skip to content
Close menu
Supplements
Featured Supplements
Shop by Health Topic
Shop by Ingredient
PectaSol
Healthcare Practitioners
Research
Ingredients
Research Team
Wellness Guides
Better Health Publishing
Educational Webinars
Dr. Isaac Eliaz
EcoBlog
Log in
Facebook
Twitter
Instagram
Continue Shopping
Cart
Close cart
The sale of our dietary supplements via our Website (“Services”) are provided to you by EcoNugenics, Inc. ( “EcoNugenics,” “us,” “our,” or “we”) in our capacity as the manufacturer and/or reseller, as the case may be, of such supplements. During the course of providing the Services, we may collect some Personal Information as described in greater detail in the Section of this Privacy Policy (“Policy”) entitled “Personal Information.”
EcoNugenics values its users’ privacy. The purpose of this Policy is to help you understand how we collect and use Personal Information from persons who visit our Website or who make use of our online facilities and Services, to explain how we use, safeguard and disclose Personal Information in the context of providing the Services and what we will and will not do with the Personal Information that we collect.
We recognize that your privacy is very important, and we take it seriously.
By accepting this Policy during the course of your registration on the Website or by purchasing and using our products or Services, you expressly consent to our collection, use and disclosure of your Personal Information in accordance with this Policy and as further permitted pursuant to applicable data protection laws, and you consent to our privacy practices including, without limitation, to our collection, use, disclosure, processing and to our retention of your Personal Information, as described below.
This Policy applies to EcoNugenics and governs all of our collection and usage of data through our Website. By using our Website or accessing our Services, you hereby consent to our use of your Personal Information for the purposes set forth herein. If you object to your Personal Information being transferred or used as described in this Policy or if you discover or believe that our processing of your Personal Information violates applicable privacy laws, you must refrain from using the Website or obtaining (or seeking to obtain) our products or Services. Furthermore, if you do not agree to be bound by this Policy, you should exit the Website and immediately cease using our Services. In addition, in connection with your use of our Services, you may be required to enter into additional agreements with EcoNugenics or other third parties. This Policy is incorporated into such other agreements and into our Terms of Use.
Our use of Personal Information
We collect and store information that you provide directly to us, including when you register to our Website or register for the Services, create a profile, submit information, when you update your email preferences, respond to a survey, contact us with questions or comments, or provide other feedback.
We will not ask for or request sensitive information such as government identifiers, or financial information, except in connection with payments. Please do not provide this information to us, including through emails, feedback forms or otherwise.
When you enter our Website to purchase our products or to register to use our Services, we collect certain Personal Information from you including, without limitation, a valid email address, location data, and any additional relevant information. We may also collect additional information from you such as physical addresses and additional authentication information, as required to provide you with the Services. Your Personal Information may be used by us as part of the Services rendered to you and as a prerequisite for the sale of our products or provision of our Services.
We use our best efforts to minimize third party exposure to your Personal Information including by endeavoring to restrict the disclosure of your Personal Information to persons with a need to know and, except as otherwise set forth in this Privacy Policy, by using our best efforts to restrict our use of Personal Information to the context of providing the Services.
We may also use Personal Information for other related legitimate purposes including, (without limitation) to: resolve service and billing disputes, troubleshoot problems, analyze consumer interest in our products and Services, verify user credentials, provide developers with useful information to facilitate the development and testing of new features and services, fulfill requests for our products and Services, respond to inquiries about our Services, offer users new products or Services that we believe may be of interest, inform users about events and updates; deliver other information to users, detect and prevent Website errors, prevent fraud and other criminal activities and enforce our Terms of Use.
We do not host the Services independently.
All hosting services are provided by third party hosting service providers. This means that data that you provide to us or that we or third parties collect from you (including any Personal Information) is hosted with third party service providers on servers that such hosting service providers own or control. We assume no responsibility for the safety or security of such services. By providing Personal Information to us or using the Services, you hereby consent, to the extent permitted by applicable law, to the transfer of information outside of your country of location or jurisdiction, including to countries that do not offer a level of protection for your information that is equivalent to the protection offered in your country of residence, to the extent permitted by applicable data protection laws.
Other than as described in this Policy, you determine the amount and types of Personal Information that you provide to us in your sole discretion, and you acknowledge and agree that you are not legally obligated to provide any Personal Information or categories of Personal Information to us. Notwithstanding, certain elements of the Services may be restricted or limited if such Personal Information is not provided. We allow you to view the information that you provided during registration and to edit inaccuracies or errors.
Please do not supply any third-party Personal Information to us unless we prompt you to do so via our invitation service. If you provide Personal Information on behalf of another person or entity, we may ask you for that person’s or entity’s email address and we may automatically send an email invitation to that person or entity. To the extent permitted by applicable law, we may store information regarding such person or entity for the limited purpose of sending this email, registering the referred party, indicating if that person has accepted an invitation,
tracking the success of our invitation service and other legitimate legal purposes. If you have registered to use the Website on behalf of another entity or if you otherwise provide information to us regarding another person or entity, you represent to us that you were authorized by that person or entity to give us consent to use the submitted information.
Any information that you may reveal in a public post on the Website or otherwise, including within any online discussion or forum that is open to the public is not in any way private. To the extent permitted by applicable law we assume no obligation to protect Personal Information that is displayed in such public posts. Notwithstanding, we may choose, in our sole discretion, to remove any public posts from the Site in the event that we deem such posts to be inappropriate, injurious to another person or entity, illegal, or otherwise unsuitable for display on the Website. You assume sole responsibility for the content and accuracy of your postings and expressly acknowledge and understand that any material that you post on any Website forum constitutes public information that may be seen and/or collected by third parties and be used by others in ways we are unable to control or predict and to which we are not responsible in any manner.
Personal Information
In order for you to access certain portions of the Services we may require you to provide us with certain information that personally identifies you (“Personal Information”). Personal Information may include (without limitation): (a) contact details (such as your email address, phone number); (b) demographic information (such as your gender, your date of birth and your zip code); and (c) additional Personal Information as outlined in this Policy below.
We may also elect to analyze Website metrics using Website users’ demographic data, traffic data or other relevant data outlined in this Policy to provide a customized user experience and to transmit communications to users based on their preferences.
Finally, we may use anonymized Personal Information to carry out (or authorize third parties to carry out) statistical research on individual or aggregated health or medical trends. Such research will only use your Personal Information in an anonymized manner that cannot be tied directly back to individual users.
We may use non-personally identifiable information that we collect to provide statistical information about users of the Services to improve the quality, design and content of our Services, to analyze the use of our, Services and to cooperate with law enforcement or judicial proceedings.
Your use of certain elements of the Services may be contingent upon your downloading and installation of software on your computer or device which may trigger the collection and transmission of Personal Information from your computer to us or to third parties.
When we collect and use Personal Information
We collect and use Personal Information while:
Performing billing and collections activities;
Sending system performance messages and compiling system usage data;
Engaging in customer service activities and communications;
Enforcing our legal, equitable and contractual rights, taking measures to protect against fraud and abuse and pursuing available remedies;
Fulfilling our regulatory obligations;
Communicating with our attorneys and accountants;
Enhancing or expanding our product and service offerings;
Performing human resources-related activities including evaluating, hiring and terminating employees, employment candidates and job seekers;
Protecting our facilities and taking measures to secure our systems;
Performing data analytics;
Engaging in advertising activities or market and opinion research; and
Performing other activities related to our business, our products and Services or the Website, as permitted by applicable law.
What Personal Information do we collect?
This Website collects various types of Personal Information, such as:
Identity and contact data, financial and business information, and payment data such as information that we collect from user of our Website. This information may include your name, address, email address, billing and/or credit card information and other similar information.
Data generated during the course of performing customer service activities and customer communications.
Profile and usage data including technical information automatically collected when visiting our Website, which may include cookies, third party tracking technologies, IP addresses, login data, device type information, geolocation data and server logs.
Human resource data that is provided by current or prospective employees seeking employment.
We may also collect anonymous user information to assist us in providing and maintaining a superior quality service. By using the Website and obtaining products or Services from us, you hereby consent to our use of such anonymized data.
When we process Personal Information for the purpose of engaging in targeted advertising activities or performing market and opinion research, we obtain consent for such processing. We will also inform users if we intend to disclose their information to any third-party service provider for the above purposes, if required by applicable law.
It is the intent of this Website to use Personal Information only for the purpose for which it was requested, and any additional uses specifically provided for on this Policy.
We do not sell Personal Information to any third parties.
Cookies
“Cookies” are small pieces of data stored on your computer of device which may leave traces which, in particular when combined with unique identifiers and other information received by the servers, may be used to create profiles of the natural persons and to identify them.
We may use Cookies and similar tracking technologies to track the activity on our Website and to retain certain user information. Generally, we endeavor to only use essential Cookies that help us to provide users with our Service.
We may use Cookies to collect statistical data about Site use, to tailor the Services’ functionality to Users’ personal preferences and to assist with various aspects of site operation as well as for other legitimate purposes.
Cookies enable us to track and target your interest to enhance your experience on the Website. These files contain a variety of information to help analyze the flow of our Services, such as information about Webpages visited by users, the length of time users visited certain Services, data about how users came to visit our Website or particular Services, the scope and nature of those Services, areas viewed by users and additional information.
We may use third party service providers to deliver advertisements or promotions related to the Services. These service providers may use Cookies or other tracking technologies to identify your activity on our Services and on third party Websites. To the best of our knowledge, this tracking information does not identify you personally, is not combined with personally identifiable information from the Services and is subject to the privacy policies of the related third-party service providers.
What Cookies do we use?
Strictly necessary cookies
These cookies are essential to enable you to browse around our Website and use their features. Without these cookies, services like shopping baskets and e-billing cannot be provided.
Performance cookies
These cookies collect information about how you use our Website — for instance, which pages you go to most. This data may be used to help optimize our Website and make them easier for you to navigate. These cookies don’t collect information that identifies you. All information these cookies collect is aggregated and therefore anonymous.
Functionality cookies
These cookies allow the Websites to remember choices you make while browsing. For instance, these cookies may be used to keep track of what featured products and services that you have viewed. The information these cookies collect will not personally identify you, and they cannot track your browsing activity on third-party Websites.
Third-party cookies
To enrich our Website content, we may embed video content from other social media Websites and other third-party sources. As a result, when you visit a page with content embedded, you may be presented with cookies from these Websites. We have no control or liability over these cookies set, so you should review the relevant third party’s cookie policy for more information.
Web beacons
Our Web pages may contain electronic images known as Web beacons (sometimes called single-pixel gifs), which are used along with cookies to compile aggregated statistics to analyze how our site is used and may be used in some of our emails to let us know which emails and links have been opened by recipients. Web beacons allow us to gauge the effectiveness of our customer communications and marketing campaigns.
Choices about cookies
Please check your browser settings to find out how to disable cookies. Because cookies are used throughout our Website, disabling them may prevent you from using certain parts of the site.
Most browsers will allow you to erase cookies from your computer’s hard drive, block acceptance of cookies, or receive a warning before a cookie is stored. However, if you block or erase cookies your online experience on our Website will be limited.
How to disable cookies
You may set your browser to block all Cookies, including Cookies associated with our Services, or to indicate when a Cookie is being set by us. However, it is important to know that many of our Services may not function properly if your Cookies are disabled.
The effect of disabling cookies depends on which cookies you disable but, in general, the Website and some services delivered through it may not operate properly, may not recognize your device, may not remember your preferences and so on, if cookies are disabled or removed. However, allowing or disabling cookies is your choice and in your control. If you want to disable cookies on our site, you need to change your browser settings to reject cookies. How you can do this will depend on the browser you use.
Our retention of Personal Information
We use reasonable efforts to ensure that the Personal Information that we collect from you will be stored for no longer than necessary, as required by applicable data privacy laws. The length of time that we retain said information will be determined based upon criteria which may include: the length of time your Personal Information remains relevant; the length of time it is reasonable to keep records to demonstrate that we have fulfilled our duties and obligations; any limitation periods within which claims might be made; any retention periods prescribed by law or recommended by regulators, professional bodies or associations; the type of contract we have with you, the existence of your consent, and our legitimate interest in keeping such information as stated in this Policy.
How do we secure Personal Information?
We take reasonable efforts to follow generally accepted industry standards to protect Personal Information that is submitted to us, both during transmission and once we receive it, taking into due account the risks involved in its processing, the nature of the relevant Personal Information and the behaviors or activities of the relevant data subjects. However, no method of data transmission over the Internet and no method of electronic storage is 100% secure, so we cannot guarantee its absolute security.
Links to other Sites
Our Website may contain links to third party sites. We are not responsible for, and expressly disclaim and assume no liability for the content or legal-compliance status of such privacy policies and/or practices of other Websites of for any inaccuracies or technical malfunctions or harm incurred due to your use of such websites. We advise you to read the privacy policies stated on other websites that you use and you acknowledge and agree that this Policy only governs information that we collect on our Services
or that you provide to us in the context of accessing or using the Service.
Security
We use industry standard technologies and internal procedures to ensure the security of our Website and Services, the security of your Personal Information and to prevent unauthorized access to Personal Information. However, you acknowledge and agree that no use of any website
including our Website is 100% safe , and we cannot guarantee against unauthorized access to the Website or to your Personal Information.
Responsibility regarding third-party Websites?
EcoNugenics uses various third-party social media features including but not limited to Facebook, Instagram, Pinterest, and other interactive programs.
These may collect your IP address and require cookies to work properly.
These services are governed by the privacy policies of the providers and are not within EcoNugenics’ control and for which we are not responsible. We encourage users to review the policies of these providers
Your ability to access your Personal Information
Subject to applicable legal limitations, you may:
access to your Personal Information that we hold;
update or correct any of your inaccurate Personal Information;
refuse to allow us to use all or part of your Personal Information that we hold; or
require us to limit or delete your Personal Information.
Please note that each exercise of each of these rights is contingent upon our verification of the identity of the requesting party and our receipt of a written rights-exercise request directed to customercare@econugenics.com. Usually, we do not charge for these processes unless a user request goes beyond the limit of conventional requirements.
Our transfer of your Personal Information
Subject to applicable privacy laws, your Personal Information may be stored and processed in any country where we have facilities or in which we engage or use the services of contractors, service providers or personnel. By using our Website or purchasing our products or services, you hereby consent to the transfer of your Personal Information to countries outside of your country of residence, including the United States or to another jurisdiction which may have different data protection rules from those of your country. Please review any additional relevant conditions described within the additional terms applicable to you. Please also note that, subject to applicable law, in certain cases, courts, law enforcement agencies, regulatory agencies, or security authorities in those other countries may be entitled to access your Personal Information.
Circumstances under which we may disclose your Personal Information
EcoNugenics may not use or disclose the information provided by you except under the following circumstances:
with our subsidiaries and affiliated companies or with third party service providers to help us to provide services or products you have ordered, process transactions, fulfill information request, provide professional advice, provide IT and other support related services or tasks, optimize our services or promote our marketing efforts;
to third parties, subject to your consent, have otherwise consented;
in the aggregate with other information in such a way so that your identity cannot reasonably be determined;
to third parties including government agencies, as required by law, or in response to a subpoena or search warrant;
to outside auditors, attorneys and professional service providers who have agreed to keep the information confidential;
to third parties including service providers and government entities, as necessary to enforce the Terms of Service;
to third parties and government entities, to enforce our legal or contractual rights, and as necessary to maintain, safeguard and preserve all the rights and property of
To successor entities, in the context of a merger or acquisition of all or substantially all of our assets, which may include a transfer of your Personal Information.
How we handle children’s Personal Information and special categories of Personal Information
Children under the age of 16
EcoNugenics, Inc.’s Website is not directed to, and does not knowingly collect personal identifiable information from, children under the age of sixteen (16). If it is determined that such information has been inadvertently collected on anyone under the age of sixteen (16), we shall immediately take the necessary steps to ensure that such information is deleted from our system’s database, or in the alternative, that verifiable parental consent is obtained for the use and storage of such information. Anyone under the age of sixteen (16) must seek and obtain parent or guardian permission to use this Website.
Special Categories of Personal Information
Unless otherwise agreed by us in writing, we will not Process Special Categories of Personal Information, and, if we do, we will only process such data as permitted by applicable privacy laws. We ask that you refrain from sending or disclosing Special Category Personal Information to us absent our specific request. “Special Categories of Personal Information” means sensitive categories of Personal Information defined under applicable privacy laws, which includes at least, data regarding a data subject’s religious beliefs, trade union activities, physical or mental health, sexual life and sexual orientation,
criminal offenses,
genetic or biometric data, and other categories of data subject to enhanced protections pursuant to applicable privacy laws. The exact definition of this term varies by jurisdiction.
Your options for unsubscribing or opting out of providing us with Personal Information and the consequences of failing to provide Personal Information
All users and visitors to our Website have the option to discontinue receiving communications from us by way of email or newsletters. To discontinue receiving these newsletters or to unsubscribe from them, please send an email that you wish to unsubscribe to customercare@econugenics.com. If you wish to unsubscribe or opt-out from any communications made by third-party Websites, you must go to those specific Websites to unsubscribe or opt-out. We will continue to adhere to this Policy with respect to any Personal Information previously collected.
Users and visitors to the Website also have the right to cease providing us with Personal Information by submitting a consent withdrawal notice to customercare@econugenics.com. After we receive a consent withdrawal notice, we will cease to process the Personal Information of the subject of that notice for the purpose(s) to which that person (or person acting on their behalf) originally consented unless we have another legal ground for processing such data.
These legal grounds include:
processing of your Personal Information in accordance with the initial purposes for which it was collected or subsequently authorized;
when we need to use your Personal Information to fulfill an element of our transactional relationship with you;
our legal compliance purposes;
when we disclose Personal Information to a service provider or an agent; or
when other legally permissible reasons exist that justify our processing of your Personal Information without obtaining consent.
If
you fail or refuse to provide us with Personal Information that we request, that we need to facilitate our commercial relationship, to protect our legal or contractual rights or to fulfill your instructions, we may cancel our business relationship with you immediately and without any liability on our part (subject to any provisions within our Terms of Use), and we will notify you of such intention. In addition, if you provide us with inaccurate Personal Information or fail to update your Personal Information, please note that we will not be responsible for any damages that you suffer based on your failure to provide us with accurate information.
Finally, please note that even after you withdraw consent, we may contact you if needed for non-marketing purposes (such as bug alerts, security breaches, account issues, and/or changes in EcoNugenics, Inc. products and services).
In certain circumstances, we may use our Website, newspapers, or other public means to post a notice.
Governing law and jurisdiction
This Policy shall be governed by the laws and jurisdictional requirements set forth within the Terms of Service, unless otherwise required by applicable privacy laws.
Changes to the Policy
We may update and change this Policy from time to time, to reflect any changes to the way in which we process Personal Information or to include updates based on new legal requirements. Any changes that we may make to our Policy in the future will be posted on this page. Please check back frequently to see any updates or changes to our Policy.
Corporate Change
In the event we go through a business transition such as a merger, acquisition, bankruptcy, or sale of all or a portion of our assets, your Personal Information may be transferred to a successor entity. We may also transfer Personal Information to an affiliated company that is under common ownership with EcoNugenics. All transfers shall be subject to applicable data protection laws.
Contact us
If you have any questions about this Policy or our privacy practices, please contact us at:
Email: customercare@econugenics.comTelephone Number: 800-308-5518Mailing Address:EcoNugenics, Inc.396 Tesconi CtSanta Rosa, California95401
Additional jurisdiction-specific terms applicable to specific persons
Information applicable to persons located within the European Economic Area (EEA)
EcoNugenics is committed to processing the Personal Information (known as Personal Data under the GDPR) of persons who are located within the European Economic Area (“EEA”) in a manner that meets its obligations under the European Union General Data Protection Regulation (“GDPR”). The GDPR requires us to provide certain information to such persons about their Personal Data, as described within the GDPR Notice. To this end, we have created a separate GDPR Notice, which is intended to apply to people who are located in the EEA and supplements this Policy.
Information applicable to California residents
EcoNugenics is committed to processing the Personal Information of California residents in a manner that satisfies its obligations under applicable California laws. To this end, we have instituted a separate notice aimed at such persons (“California Notice”). The California Notice is intended to apply to California residents and supplements the Policy. The laws referenced within the California Notice require us to provide certain information to such persons about our use of their Personal Information and to make certain disclosures to such residents and supplements this Policy.
"Close (esc)"