https://www.cyberfretbass.com/privacy-policy/
Home
Bass Lessons
Beginner Bass Lessons
Bass Styles
Bass Techniques
Creating Bass Lines
Bass Chops
Bass Courses
Slap Bass Funky Fundamentals
Chicago Blues Bass Grooves
Members Login
Your privacy is very important to us. Accordingly, we have developed this Policy in order for you to understand how we collect, use, communicate and disclose and make use of personal information. The following outlines our privacy policy.
Before or at the time of collecting personal information, we will identify the purposes for which information is being collected.
We will collect and use of personal information solely with the objective of fulfilling those purposes specified by us and for other compatible purposes, unless we obtain the consent of the individual concerned or as required by law.
We will only retain personal information as long as necessary for the fulfillment of those purposes.
We will collect personal information by lawful and fair means and, where appropriate, with the knowledge or consent of the individual concerned.
Personal data should be relevant to the purposes for which it is to be used, and, to the extent necessary for those purposes, should be accurate, complete, and up-to-date.
We will protect personal information by reasonable security safeguards against loss or theft, as well as unauthorized access, disclosure, copying, use or modification.
We will make readily available to customers information about our policies and practices relating to the management of personal information.
We are committed to conducting our business in accordance with these principles in order to ensure that the confidentiality of personal information is protected and maintained.
Online Bass Guitar Lessons
Bass Courses
Slap Bass Funky Fundamentals
How to play fun great sounding slap bass lines following a step-by-step system.
25 Chicago Blues Bass Grooves
Learn to play 25 Classic Chicago Blues tunes from Albert King, Elmore James, James Cotton, Freddie King, Muddy Waters, B.B. King, Howlin' Wolf, Willie Dixon, Buddy Guy, and more...
What’s New
Ghostbusters Theme Bass Riff
Stormy Monday – Chicago Blues Bass Groove
Sync Me R&B Bass Groove
Kaviar – 3/4 Funk Bass Groove
Plucking Hand Blues Bass Moves
Contact
About Us
Privacy Policy
Terms of Service
Affiliate Disclosure
Online Guitar Lessons