https://www.aiberlin.de/en/privacy-policy
Unsere Webseite verwendet keine Tracking-Cookies. Unser System setzt einen Session-Cookie, der nach Schließen Ihres Browsers sofort gelöscht wird. Weitere Informationen zu Cookies erhalten Sie in unserer Datenschutzerklärung.
Our website does not use tracking cookies. Our system sets a session cookie, which will be deleted immediately after closing your browser. For more information about cookies, please visit our
Privacy Policy .
Datenschutzerklärung
EINVERSTANDEN
Login
SeatingTablesStorageLampsWatchesFansVariousBerlininteriorsHome
Privacy Policy
SeatingTablesStorageLampsWatchesFansVariousBerlininteriorsHome
Privacy Policy
Print
Email
ART + INDUSTRY,  UWE KNIESS,  Bleibtreustrasse 40 , 10623 Berlin
1. Privacy at a glance
General information
The following notes give a simple overview of what happens to your personal information when you visit our website. Personal data is all data that personally identifies you. Detailed information on the subject of data protection can be found in our privacy policy listed under this text.
- Data collection on our website
- Who is responsible for the data collection on this website?
The data processing on this website is carried out by the website operator. Its contact details can be found in the imprint of this website.
- How do we collect your data?
Your data will be collected on the one hand, that you tell us. This may be e.g. to trade data that you enter in a contact form.
Other data is collected automatically when visiting the website through our IT systems. These are above all technical data (for example Internet browser, operating system or time of the page request). The collection of this data is automatic as soon as you enter our website.
- What do we use your data for?
Part of the data is collected to ensure a flawless provision of the website. Other data can be used to analyze your user behavior.
- What rights do you have regarding your data?
At any time you have the right to obtain free information about the origin, recipient and purpose of your stored personal data. You also have a right to request the correction, blocking or deletion of this data. For this purpose as well as for further questions about data protection you can contact us at any time at the address given in the imprint. Furthermore, you have a right of appeal to the competent supervisory authority.
Analysis tools and third-party tools
This site does not use any analytic tools. Use of cookies you may find below.
2. General information and mandatory information
Data protection
The operators of these pages take the protection of your personal data very seriously. We treat your personal data confidentially and in accordance with the statutory data protection regulations and this privacy policy.
If you use this website, various personal data will be collected. Personal information is information that personally identifies you. This Privacy Policy explains what information we collect and what we use it for. It also explains how and for what purpose this happens.
Please note that data transmission over the Internet (for example, when communicating via e-mail) may have security vulnerabilities. A complete protection of the data from access by third parties is not possible.
Note to the responsible entity
The responsible data processing entity on this website is:
ART + INDUSTRY; UWE KNIESS; Bleibtreustrasse 40 , 10623 Berlin, Phone 0049 30 8834946
Fax 0049 30 88729670, Mail This email address is being protected from spambots. You need JavaScript enabled to view it.
Responsible entity is the natural or legal person who, alone or in concert with others, decides on the purposes and means of processing personal data (such as names, e-mail addresses, etc.).
Revocation of your consent to data processing
Many data processing operations are only possible with your express consent. You can revoke an existing consent at any time. An informal message by e-mail to us is sufficient. The legality of the data processing carried out until the revocation remains unaffected by the revocation.
Right of appeal to the competent supervisory authority
In the case of violations of data protection law, the person concerned has the right of appeal to the competent supervisory authority. The competent supervisory authority for data protection issues is the state data protection officer of the federal state in which our company is based. A list of the data protection officers as well as their contact data can be taken from the following link: https://www.bfdi.bund.de/DE/Infothek/Anschriften_Links/anschriften_links-node.html.
SSL or TLS encryption
This site uses, for security reasons and to protect the transmission of confidential content, such as orders or requests that you send to us as a site operator, an SSL or. TLS encryption. You can recognize an encrypted connection by changing the address line of the browser from "http: //" to "https: //" and the lock symbol in your browser line.
If SSL or TLS encryption is enabled, the data you submit to us can not be read by third parties.
Information, blocking, deletion
You have the right to free information on your stored personal data, their origin and recipient and the purpose of the data processing and, if necessary, a right to rectification, blocking or deletion of this data. For further information on personal data you can contact us at any time at the address given in the imprint.
Right to object to data collection in special cases and direct mail (Art. 21 DSGVO)
If data processing based on Art. 6 para. 1 lit. e or f DSGVO, you have the right at any time to object to the processing of your personal data for reasons that arise from your particular situation; this also applies to profiling based on these provisions. The respective legal basis on which a processing is based can be found in this privacy policy. If you object, we will no longer process your personal data unless we can identify compelling legitimate grounds for processing that outweigh your interests, rights and freedoms, or processing for the purpose of enforcing, pursuing or defending legal claims ( Opposition under Art. 21 (1) GDPR).
If your personal data is processed to operate direct mail, you have the right to object at any time to the processing of your personal data Insert data for the purpose of such advertising; this also applies to profiling insofar as it is associated with such direct mail. If you object, your personal data will then no longer be used for direct marketing purposes (objection under Art. 21 (2) GDPR).
Contradiction against advertising mails
The use of published in the context of the imprint obligation contact information for sending unsolicited advertising and information materials is hereby rejected. The operators of the pages expressly reserve the right to take legal action in the event of the unsolicited sending of advertising information, for example through spam e-mails.
3. Data collection on our website
Cookies
This website uses a so-called session cookie. This does not harm your computer and contains no viruses. The session cookie is a DSGVO allowed technical cookie and serves to make our offering more user-friendly, effective and secure. Cookies are small text files that are stored on your computer and stored by your browser.
The session cookie will be automatically deleted as soon as you close your browser. Other cookies are not set by our website (no tracking cookies and no links from our website to other pages.) Other pages are only actively accessible by using links in our offers.
You can set your browser so that you are informed about the setting of cookies and cookies only in individual cases allow, the acceptance of cookies for certain cases or generally exclude and activate the automatic deletion of cookies when closing the browser. Disabling cookies may limit the functionality of this website.
Cookies required to carry out the electronic communication process or to provide certain functions desired by you (eg shopping cart function) are processed on the basis of Art. 6 para. 1 lit. f DSGVO saved. The website operator has a legitimate interest in the storage of cookies for the technically correct and optimized provision of its services. If other cookies (such as cookies for analyzing your browsing behavior) are stored, they will be treated separately in this privacy policy.
Server log files
The provider of the pages automatically collects and stores information in so-called server log files, which your browser automatically transmits to us. These are:
• Browser type and browser version
• used operating system
• Referrer URL
• Host name of the accessing computer
• Time of the server request
• IP address
A merge of this data with other data sources will not be done.
The basis for data processing is Art. 6 para. 1 lit. b DSGVO, which allows the processing of data to fulfill a contract or pre-contractual measures.
Contact Form
This site does not use a contact form and does not collect data via the server. If you want to contact us, it is possible by sending an e-mail or via telephone.
The information you provide us will remain with us until you ask us to delete it, revoke your consent to storage or delete the purpose for data storage (for example, after your request has been processed). Mandatory statutory provisions - especially retention periods - remain unaffected.
4. Plugins and Tools
Google Maps
This site does not use the services of Google Maps.
Desktop Version