http://www.blindsgalore.com/help-center/ordering#priceguarantee
(877) 702-5463
order status
measure
account
cart
Shades
Window Shades
Cellular & Honeycomb
Woven Wood Shades
Roman Shades
Roller Shades
Sheer Shades
Solar Screens
Skylight Shades
Pleated Shades
Outdoor Shades
Bamboo Shades
Remote Control & Motorized
Awnings
Drapery
Custom Drapery
Drapery Hardware
Drapery Panels
Valances & Cornices
All Blinds & Shades
Blinds
Window Blinds
Wood Blinds
Faux Wood Blinds
Mini Blinds
Venetian Blinds
Vertical Blinds
Vertical Blind Alternatives
Panel Track Blinds
Shutters
Faux Wood Shutters
Sliding Door Shutters
Vinyl Shutters
All Blinds & Shades
Rooms
Rooms In The House
Bathroom
Bedroom
Classroom
Commercial
Coastal
Dining Room
Family Room & Den
Home Theater
Kids Room
Kitchen
Living Room
Nursery
Office
Outside
RV & Motorhome
Utility Room
Windows In The House
Arched Windows
French Doors
Hard-to-Reach Windows
Large Windows
Patio Doors & Sliding Doors
Sidelights
Skylights
Features
Popular Features
Blackout
Child Safety
Cordless Shades & Blinds
Custom Graphic Shade
Day/Night Shades
Eco-Friendly
Easy Cleaning
Energy Efficient
No Tools Install
Outdoor
Paint Color Matching
Privacy
Remote Control & Motorized
Skylight Shades
Smart Home
Top Down/Bottom Up
Blogger Favorites
Shop by Color
Purpose
Purpose
Block the Light
Preserve the View
Versatile Privacy
Temperature Control
Top Rated
Odd Shaped Windows
Oversized Windows
Easy to Install
Child Safe and Family Friendly
Moisture Resistant
Latest and Greatest
Easy to Clean
Get Inspired
Alexa Smart Blinds
Google Smart Blinds
Smart Blinds Overview
Brands
Bali
BG Kids
Blindsgalore
BG Boutique
Coolaroo
Create Your Own
Expressions
Levolor
Simple Fit
Simply Chic
Help
Help
Get Started
Free Samples
Our Guarantee
Our Difference
Ask the Expert
The Ultimate Guide
BeHome Blog Advice
Window Treatment Ideas
Meet Us
Room Inspiration
Trade Program
Property Management
Why Blindsgalore
Get It Done
Measuring
Installing
Find a Pro
Window Jargon
Blind and Shade Care
Safe Home
Help
Order Status
Delivery Estimates
Your Account
Your Account
three days only    to  up to 50% off everything*    sales end 12/10
Home
Help Center
Ordering
Ordering
We try to make the ordering process as easy as possible for you. Once you find a product you like, you can order up to fifteen free samples to see what it will look like in your home. Once you make your choice, just measure your window and place your order online or over the phone. If you need help or have questions about choosing, measuring, ordering, or installing, watch our easy instructional videos. You can also consult our product experts for free assistance at 1 (877) 702-5463.
Matching Blinds and Shades
Dye lots can vary slightly between orders, so it is always best to purchase a full set of matching blinds for each room at the same time. Occasionally, select lines of window treatments will occasionally get discontinued. This will make it somewhere between difficult and impossible to order window treatments that match the ones you may have already purchased. We recommend ordering these items in a single order whenever possible in effort to avoid any unforeseen circumstances.
Large Blinds and Shades
The size limits on our website represent the largest possible size for each window treatment. Size restrictions are based on fabric size and machinery limitations.
Forms of Payment
We accept Visa, MasterCard, AMEX and Discover Card, Klarna, and PayPal. Currently we only accept purchase orders from government agencies. All of our credit card transactions are approved online as soon as the order is placed and are transacted by Cybersource. Your card will be charged right away in an effort to begin the production of your products as soon as possible. You may also place credit card orders over the phone by calling our sales department at 1 (877) 702-5463.
We also accept payment by check, but that will delay your order by the time it takes for your check to clear the bank. If you would like to speed up the ordering process, you may use a cashier's check or money order. The fastest way to receive your products is to order with a credit card. If paying by check, please make it out to Blindsgalore, and mail to:
Blindsgalore 5744 Pacific Center Boulevard, Suite 306, San Diego, CA 92121
Adding Products To Your Order
If your order has not been sent to the factory for processing, we may be able to add to items to your order. Please call our sales team at 1 (877) 702-5463. If the order has already been submitted to the factory, you will need to place a new order.
Saving Your Shopping Cart
To save your shopping cart, you will need to go to the shopping cart page and choose "Save this cart". Once you have clicked the link, you will need to enter in your account information (email address and password) and click the "save cart" link. If you do not have a Blindsgalore account, you will be asked to create one before saving your shopping cart.
Order Changes and Cancellation
If you need to cancel or modify an order, please call our customer care team at 1 (877) 702-5463. Changes and cancellations can only be processed before your order has gone into production. We will always do our best to assist you, but please be aware that any orders already placed into production cannot be adjusted or canceled. Due to the speed at which our orders are processed, cancellation or changes sent via email requests cannot be accepted.
Delivery Time
All of our products are customized to your exact specifications and are not made until you order them. The time it takes to make a window treatment varies across all manufacturers and products. For an approximate timetable regarding production and delivery times for all products, please view our Delivery Time Estimates.
Order Confirmation
If you did not receive an order confirmation please check your spam folder as the email may have been blocked by your provider. If it is not in your spam folder, please call our customer care team at 1 (877) 702-5463 and we will promptly resend the confirmation to the email address you provide. To ensure receipt of Blindsgalore emails, please add the blindsgalore.com domain to your safe sender list.
Order Status
Feel free to check your order status online at any time by entering your order on our Order Status Page.
Taxes and Fees
There is no sales tax on any orders shipped to states other than California and Washington.
Industry-Wide Processing Fee
This fee allows us to keep our prices low and to offer free shipping. Our fee only applies per order, not per product. We promise you are still getting a great deal on your window coverings. These fees are inescapable and you will find them industry-wide.
Returns and Warranty
When you follow our measuring instructions, we guarantee your product will fit. We also offer free color swatches on most products so that you can see the exact materials and color prior to placing your order. Since these are custom products, we do not issue refunds but we do accept exchanges through the Blindsgalore Guarantee.If you make a mistake in measuring or ordering, please contact our customer care team at 1 (877) 702-5463 within thirty days of delivery. You may exchange the product for a size reduction or exchange it completely for a new product/color. Please note, we only allow one exchange per product, up to four products per household, and you will be responsible for the price difference if you are upgrading the window treatment. If the replacement product is a lower price than the original product, you will not be issued the difference in price or store credit. Stock items, such as motorized accessories, are not covered by the guarantee. These terms are detailed in our Blindsgalore Guarantee. If you find your product incorrect, damaged or defective, please contact our customer care team within seven days of delivery at 1 (877) 702-5463. If your product is determined to be incorrect, damaged or defective, the manufacturer will repair or replace the units.
Damaged Shipments
Upon receiving of your order, we suggest you immediately open and inspect it thoroughly for any manufacturing defects or possible shipping damage. If you find your product damaged or defective, please contact our customer care team immediately at 1 (877) 702-5463. If the product requires a replacement, you will be given a Return Goods Authorization Number (RGA) and a shipping address to return the product(s) to. Returns must have an RGA number to be accepted by the manufacturer.
Warranties
Every custom ordered window treatment purchased from Blindsgalore is backed by a factory warranty. For details on a particular warranty, please visit our Brand Warranties page.
Professional Installation
We will not be responsible for any shipping materials or professional installation charges due to a manufacturer defect or shipping damage. If you choose to hire a professional to install your products, we highly recommend that you open and inspect your entire order prior to arranging a professional installation.
Replacement Parts
If you're in search of replacement parts, please contact our customer care team at 1 (877) 702-5463. We will be happy to assist you in locating your order, finding the exact product and any necessary parts for your blind(s).
We accept Visa, MasterCard, American Express or Discover for all repair orders not covered by the warranty.
Price Guarantee
Blindsgalore offers a low price guarantee on any brand name product you purchase from us for up to 15 days after your receive your order. We've got you covered. Just place an order with Blindsgalore and if you can find the same item you purchased from us at another online retailer, delivered for less (including shipping and sales tax), we will make sure to adjust your purchase price to the competitor's price.To qualify, simply email proof of the lower delivered price to us at customercare@blindsgalore.com. This proof can include a copy of the competitor's shopping cart including the item, any options and shipping charges, or the exact website address (URL) of the product. Please contact our sales team at 1 (877) 702-5463 to process a price match request once you have sent proof. As soon as we verify the lower price, we will rebate the difference. Please note, we reserve the right not to sell any products below our own cost.
Customer Care
My Account
Samples
Measuring
Ordering
Klarna
Contact Us
Installing
Product Specifics
Privacy Policy & Security
Shipping
Find a Pro
Window Treatment Ideas
Brand Warranties
Reviews & Testimonials
Contact Us
Call 1 (877) 702-5463
Fax 1 (858) 642-6841
customercare@blindsgalore.com
About Us
Meet Us
Testimonials
* Sale excludes outdoor awnings, select boutique products, and products receiving free promotional upgrades.
* Free shipping on all orders up to 94" in width or vertical blinds under 94" in height and within the contiguous United States.
* No sales tax except for residents of CA and WA.
* Starting price is for 24x36 window treatments.
get free shipping on orders to the contiguous U.S.*
talk to an expert toll free1 (877) 702-5463
100% custom made always crafted just for you
love it or exchange it for free
sign me up for special offers
Shop Shades
Cellular & Honeycomb
Woven Wood Shades
Roman Shades
Roller Shades
Sheer Shades
Solar Screens
Skylight Shades
Pleated Shades
Shutters
Outdoor Shades
Custom Drapery
Valances & Cornices
Shop Blinds
Wood Blinds
Faux Wood Blinds
Shutters
Mini Blinds
Vertical Blinds
Panel Track Blinds
Customer Care
Measuring
Installing
Shipping
Delivery Estimates
Returns
About Us
Trade Program
Refer a Friend
Our Guarantee
Meet Us
Contact Us
Safe & Secure
Copyright © 1999-
Homesublime, LLC.
All Rights Reserved.
Policy Information    Price Guarantee    Site Map    Child Safety