http://www.libertylocks.com/catalog/privacy.php
Cart ContentsCheckout
Home » Store » Privacy Notice
Privacy Notice
Our Commitment To Privacy
Your privacy is important to us. Safe Skies values the trust our customers place in us. To better protect your privacy we
provide this notice explaining our online information practices
and the choices you can make about the way your information is
collected and used. To make this notice easy to find, we make it
available on our homepage and at every point where personally
identifiable information may be requested.
The Information We Collect:
This notice applies to all information collected or submitted on Safe Skies LLC's website.
On some pages, you can order products, send applications and make requests.
The types of personal information collected at these pages are:
Name
Address
Email address
Physical Address
Phone number
Fax number
Credit/Debit Card Information
On some pages, you can submit information about other people. For example, if you
order a gift online and want it sent directly to the recipient, you will need
to submit the recipient's address. In this circumstance, the types of personal information collected are:
Name
Address
Phone Number
The Way We Use Information:
We use the information you provide about someone else when placing an order
only to ship the product and to confirm delivery. We do not share this
information with outside parties except to the extent necessary to complete that order.
Our shopping cart allows you to place an order for another
person. Information you provide to us to create a gift-card is only used for
that purpose, and it is only disclosed to the person receiving the gift.
We use return email addresses to answer the email we receive. Such addresses
are not used for any other purpose and are not shared with outside parties.
We further wish to assure our customers that Safe Skies does not sell,
rent, or loan any of your personally identifiable information
to any third party without your consent.
Our Commitment To Data Security
Safe Skies' goal is to ensure that the shopping experience for our customers
is both enjoyable and secure. To prevent unauthorized access, maintain
data accuracy, and ensure the correct use of information, we have put in
place appropriate physical, electronic, and managerial procedures to
safeguard and secure the information we collect online.
For example, Safe Skies uses industry-standard encryption technology,
particularly Secure Sockets Layering (SSL), when transferring and receiving
consumer data. Because we use SSL, placing an order on this website is
more secure than giving your credit card number over the telephone.
Once credit card information is entered, it is immediately encrypted
into a scrambled message that can only be decrypted by an authorized computer.
About "Cookies"
We use cookies to record session information, such as items that
consumers add to their shopping cart. Cookies are small text files (alphanumeric identifiers)
a website uses to recognize repeat customers and enhance their experience when they return to
the website. Only the information that you provide, or the choices you make while visiting a
website, can be stored in a cookie. For example, a cookie cannot determine your e-mail address
unless you choose to enter it in to the appropriate field. Allowing a website to create a cookie
does not give that or any other site access to the rest of your computer, and only the site
that created the cookie can read it: Safe Skies cannot see what other sites you have visited.
Cookies allow you to take advantage of the best features offered by websites.
You can set your browser to notify you when a site is using a cookie and to refuse it if you'd like.
Safe Skies LLC is not responsible for the settings on your machine.
If your cookies are disabled or there's a firewall between you and our site (i.e., you're
shopping from a company computer) you may not be notified as you click "Purchase" that your
cookies are disabled. Shopping cart systems as a rule are looking for the cookie to complete
the transaction. E-commerce websites cannot place items in your shopping cart
if your "cookies" are not enabled. Clearing your "cookie" file (often named "Temporary Internet Files)
will sometimes eliminate this from occurring.
Our Commitment To Children's Privacy:
Protecting the privacy of the very young is especially important. For that reason,
we never collect or maintain information at our website from those we actually know are
under 13, and no part of our website is structured to attract anyone under 13.
How You Can Access Or Correct Your Information
You can access all your personally identifiable information that we collect
online and maintain by written request sent to:
Safe Skies LLC
954 Third Avenue - Suite 504
New York, NY 10022
We use this procedure to better safeguard your information.
You can correct factual errors in your personally identifiable information by
sending us a request that credibly shows error.
To protect your privacy and security, we will also take reasonable steps to
verify your identity before granting access or making corrections.
How To Contact Us
Should you have other questions or concerns about these privacy policies, please
send us an email via our Contact Page
Continue
Quick Find
Use keywords to find the product you are looking for.Advanced Search
Categories Luggage Straps (3)TSA Padlocks (38)3 Dial Combination Locks (18)Travel Accessories (10)
Colors Please SelectBlackBlueBrassChromeGreenNickelOrangePatternPinkPurpleRedSilverYellow
Shopping Cart 0 items
Currencies
U.S. DollarEuroJapanese YenCanadian DollarAustralian DollarPounds SterlingNew Zealand Dollar
TSA Locks Home |
TSA Locks Store |
TSA Locks Patents |
TSA Locks F.A.Q. |
TSA Locks Contact Us
TSA Locks Business Opportunities |
TSA Locks Press |
TSA Locks Feedback
Recognized and Acceptedby the United StatesTransportation Security Administration
Recognized and Acceptedby Kantonspolizei Zurich andZurich Airport Customs Inspectorate
Recognized and Accepted by CanadianAir Transport Security Authority
Recognized and Acceptedby Her Majesty'sRevenue and Customs
Exclusively Recognized and Accepted by Australian Customs andBorder Protection Service
Accepted and Recognizedby German Customs
Accepted and Recognizedby New Zealand Aviation Security Service
Accepted and Recognizedby Israel Airports Authority
Partner with Us | How to Reset Your Combination | Warranty & Replacement Policy
Copyright © 2020 Safe Skies Locks, LLC.
All Rights Reserved.Liberty Lock® is a Registered Trademark of Safe Skies LLC,protected by US Patents 7,021,537 and 7,036,728 and 8,145,576 and 9,879,447 with other Worldwide Patents Pending.
Terms of Use |Privacy Policy | Site Map
We gladly accept the following approved methods of payment
We accept Military Credit Cards
We also accept phone orders at 1-888-632-5027 and fax orders