http://www.thepinksugarmouse.com/customer/terms-and-conditions
Terms & Conditions | Customer Services - ThePinkSugarMouse.com
ThePinkSugarMouse.com
Close
Browse ThePinkSugarMouse.com
Freshly Made Fudge (Selection)
Our Sweets
Bonbons and Toffees
Chocolate (Coated and Centred)
Coconut Ice, Nuts and Ginger
Crystallised Fondants and Marzipan Fruits
Fudge (Selection Boxes)
Fudge (Individual Pieces)
Gums, Chews, Jellies and Candies
Hard Boiled Sweets
Humbugs, Rock and Flavoured Sticks
Liquorice
Mints and Aniseed
Nougat
Turkish Delight
Sherbet and Sour Sweets
American Sweets
Retro Sweets
Our Chocolates
Free From Range
Gluten Free Fudge
Gluten Free (Handmade)
Gluten Free Sweets
No Added Sugar
No Added Sugar (Chocolate Bars and Biscuits)
Sugar Free Sweets
Suitable for Vegetarians
Suitable for Vegan
Our Sweet Hampers
Christmas Hampers
All Other Hampers
Christmas Sweets
Gift Ideas & Biscuits
Christmas Ideas
Wedding Favors - Sweet Buffets
Biscuits
ThePinkSugarMouse.com
Menu
0
Search ThePinkSugarMouse.com
You are here:
Home
Terms & Conditions
Terms and Conditions
FAQs
Contact Us
Privacy Policy
This page (together with the documents referred to on it) tells you the terms and conditions on which we supply any goods listed on our website thepinksugarmouse.com to you. Please read them carefully before ordering any goods from our website. You should understand that by ordering any of our goods, you agree to be bound by these terms and conditions. Truly Scrumptious (Dorset) Ltd, whose registered office address is at 5 High Street, Poole, Dorset, BH15 1AB (referred to as "we", "our" and "us") is the operator of this website. As a user of this website (referred to as "you" and "your") you acknowledge that any order you make, is subject to our terms and conditions below. Read through these terms and conditions carefully and print a copy for future reference. We may change these terms and conditions at any time (but not in relation to orders that have been sent to us). Any changes will take effect on the date they are posted onto this website. Your continued use of this website will be subject to the then current terms and conditions.1. PRIVACY1.1 You acknowledge and agree to be bound by the terms of our privacy policy.2. SERVICE AVAILABILITY2.1 Our website is intended for use by people resident throughout the world.3. YOUR STATUS3.1 By placing an order through this website, you warrant to us that:
3.1.1 You are legally capable of entering into binding contracts [and]
3.1.2 You are at least 18 years old
3.1.3 [You are resident in one of the Serviced Countries and]
3.1.4 You are accessing our website from that country.4. THE ORDER PROCESS4.1 You can only place an order once you have successfully registered an account our payment companies that we use. You agree that we may block access to your account if we reasonably believe that the information you have supplied is inaccurate.
4.2 Before you submit an order (by clicking the Submit Order button) you will have an opportunity to identify and correct any input errors in your order.
4.3 After you submit an order our payment companies will give you an Order Reference Number and they will give you details of the goods you have ordered. They will send the same details to you in an email to the email address you provided when you registered an account with us. This email will be an acknowledgement of your order and not an acceptance of it.
4.4 We do not file details of your order for you to subsequently access directly from our website. Therefore, please print out your acknowledgement of order for your future reference.5. THE CONTRACT WITH US5.1. We must receive payment of the whole of the price for the goods that you order before your order can be accepted. You may only make payment using a credit card or debit card [from a UK bank account] or bacs transfer direct to our bank. Once payment has been received by us we will confirm that your order has been accepted by sending you another email. We may also decline all or part of your order for any reason, in which case our further email will tell you so. Our acceptance of your order brings into existence a legally binding contract between us.
5.2. If you are buying on behalf of a business, you confirm that you have authority to bind any business on whose behalf you use this website.6. PRICE6.1 The price payable for goods that you order are as set out in our website (except in cases of obvious error) and are in UK pounds.
6.2 You will be required to pay extra for delivery at the rates set out separately.
6.3 The total cost of your order will be inclusive of delivery charges, (if outside UK please email us for prices with your exact delivery address).
6.4 Prices, offers and goods are subject to availability and may change before (but not after) we accept your order. However, we are under no obligation to provide any goods to you at an incorrect price, even after we have sent you an acceptance of order, if the pricing error is obvious and unmistakable and would have reasonably been recognised by you as a mis-pricing.
6.5 We try and ensure that at all times the information and prices on our website are accurate and up to date, however, errors can occur. If we discover an error in price or description of a good ordered by you, we will tell you as soon as possible and ask you whether you wish to reconfirm your order at the correct price or cancel it. If we are unable to contact you we will treat your order as cancelled.
6.6 Payment for all products must be by credit or debit card. We accept payment with Barclays epdq, Google checkout and Paypal who use all Major Credit & Debit Cards, which can be viewed online upon checkout.7. DELIVERY7.1 We will deliver the goods ordered by you to the address registered against your account at the time you make your order by using Royal Mail (for small items) or a courier service. Delivery must be to an address in the Serviced Countries. We cannot deliver outside the Serviced Countries]. All deliveries must be signed for by someone aged 18 years or over (except for items sent by post and which are small enough to be put through your letterbox). Please make sure you keep the receipt we will email you..
7.2 Very occasionally different products in the same order will be delivered separately. We will let you know in advance if this is to happen.
7.3. Where in stock, most orders are delivered within 2-5 working days (i.e., Monday to Friday inclusive, but excluding English bank holidays) from the time we accept your order and in any event within 30 days of your order.
7.4. If we cannot deliver the goods ordered within 30-days of your order because they are unavailable we will inform you. You may then agree to allow us extra time to make delivery or ask us to re-credit your account with any sum debited by us from your debit or credit card. If you do not agree to allow us extra time to make delivery, or we do not get a response from you, we will treat the contract as cancelled by you and re-credit your account with any sum debited by us from your debit or credit card as soon as possible, and in any event within 30 days of our notification to you. We shall not be under any liability to you for our failure to deliver the goods to you within 30-days of your order because they are unavailable or for other reasons beyond our reasonable control.
7.5 You will become the owner of the goods you have ordered when they have been delivered to you. Once the goods have been delivered to you they will be held at your own risk and we will not be liable for their loss or destruction. As such you should ensure you are adequately insured against any damage or loss that may occur to the goods.
7.6 Orders must be placed with us before 3.30pm for any special deliveries, i.e. next day or Saturday delieries.8. DELIVERY CHARGES8.1 Our delivery charges are a Flat Rate and vary depending on your selected service and charged accordingly9. MISSING, DAMAGED NO STOCK OR INCORRECT ORDERS9.1 If the goods we deliver are not what you ordered or are damaged or defective or the delivery is of an incorrect quantity we will arrange collection, we shall have no liability to you unless you notify us of the problem by emailing the address noted in clause 10.4.1 or writing to us at the address noted in clause 10.4.2. Therefore, upon receipt of your goods you should inspect your goods to ensure they have not been damaged in transit, and they are what you ordered, and the delivery is of a correct quantity. To assist us, and to minimise any delays, in addressing your problem you should report any problem (please quote your invoice number when contacting us) within 24 hours of the delivery of the goods in question. Not doing this may lead to delays in addressing your problem. If you order the wrong goods and it is your mistake we will take the goods back, with a courier charge of £12.72 (or contacts us for return address/return note number, if you want to post recorded at your cost) plus a 20% restocking fee from the total invoice. Products are subject to availability, if there is no stock, we can refund you unless you wish to wait longer.10. YOUR RIGHT TO CANCEL YOUR CONTRACT10.1. The right to cancel your contract detailed in this clause 10 shall only apply if you are ordering from the European Economic Area.
10.2. You may cancel your contract with us for the goods you order at any time up to the end of the seventh working day from the date you receive the ordered goods. You do not need to give us any reason for cancelling your contract nor will you have to pay any penalty.
10.3. You cannot cancel your contract if:(10.3.1) you return the goods without proof of purchase
10.4. To cancel your contract you must notify us in writing by:
10.4.1. emailing us or10.4 writing to us 5 High Street, Poole, Dorset, BH15 1AB. If you have received the goods before you cancel your contract then, unless under clause 10.3 you do not have a right to cancel, you must send the goods back to us at the address noted in clause
10.4.2 at your own cost and risk. You must take reasonable care to see the goods returned to us are not damaged in transit. We therefore recommend that you return the goods to us (or manufacturers, if faulty) using Royal Mail registered post or using a reputable courier (in each case please ensure the goods are insured to their replacement value). We will not accept liability for goods that are damaged in transit and recommend you ensure the goods are sufficiently packaged to prevent this happening. The goods must be complete and in a new condition. If you have opened the box to examine the goods you must have done so using reasonable care, the actual goods must not be opened The goods should be returned with the original accessories and, where possible, the original box and packaging.10.6. If you cancel your contract, but we have already processed the goods for delivery, you must not unpack the goods when they are received by you and you must send the goods back to us at our contact address noted in clause 10.4.2 at your own cost and risk as soon as possible, we will email you a returns authorisation form also. Again, you must take reasonable care to see the goods returned to us are not damaged in transit. We therefore recommend that you return the goods to us using Royal Mail's registered post or using a reputable courier (in each case please ensure the goods are insured to their replacement value). We will not accept liability for goods that are damaged in transit and recommend you ensure the goods are sufficiently packaged to prevent this happening.10.7. Once you have notified us that you are cancelling your contract, any sum debited by us from your debit or credit card will be re-credited to your account as soon as possible and in any event within 30 days of your cancellation. If you do not return the goods delivered to you or do not pay the costs of delivery, we shall be entitled to deduct the direct costs of recovering the goods from the amount to be re-credited to you.11. RETURN OF FAULTY GOODS11.1 In the unlikely event of a fault with your goods please contact our support staff:
11.1.1 by phoning: 01202 674117 or
11.1.2 by emailing our support staff will discuss the alleged fault with you. If your goods need to be returned to the manufacturers, our support staff will give you further instructions. Please also enclose with the return package a written description of the alleged fault in the goods. The return to the manufacturer of the allegedly faulty goods will be at your own cost and risk. We therefore recommend that you return the goods to us using a form of registered or special post or using a reputable courier (in each case please ensure the goods are insured to their replacement value). We will not accept liability for goods that are damaged in transit and recommend you ensure the goods are sufficiently packaged to prevent this happening. When returning the goods please do not use a premium courier service (e.g., same day delivery) because the manufacturer may only refund to you your reasonable direct costs of delivering the goods, if the fault is verified.
11.3 Upon receipt of the allegedly faulty goods, they will be extensively tested for the reported fault. If after testing they verify the fault (or you have the fault verified by an independent expert) they will replace or refund the reasonable direct costs of delivering the faulty goods to them and they may offer you either a refund, repair or exchange as is reasonable in your specific circumstances.
11.4 However, if we cannot verify the fault (or you cannot have the fault verified by an independent expert) or we prove the goods are not faulty, the returned goods will be returned to you. You will be responsible for the cost of postage and packaging for the return of the goods to you in such circumstances. We reserve the right to charge you a fee for our time in diagnosing a purported fault where we can show you that the goods are not faulty.
11.5 To qualify for a refund or exchange of the goods:
11.5.1 you must give us proof of purchase (e.g., a receipt, cheque stub or credit or debit card receipt) and
11.5.2 the goods must otherwise be in an 'new' condition and complete with any original accessories (and, if possible, the original box and packaging).
11.6 Please return the goods to us at the address noted in clause 10.4.2.
11.7 We will not repair, exchange or refund goods whose fault was caused through accident, neglect, misuse or normal wear and tear.12. LIABILITY12.1 We warrant to you that any goods you purchase from us through this website are of satisfactory quality and fit for their normal purpose (or any specific purpose you have made known to us which we have confirmed the goods fit for).
12.2 If you or we notify a problem under clauses 9.1 or 11, our only obligation to you will be, at your option (subject to as otherwise provided for in those clauses):
12.2.1 to make good any shortage or non-delivery
12.2.2 to, as is reasonable in your circumstances, replace or repair any goods that are damaged or defective or
12.2.3 to refund to you the amount paid by you for the goods in question.
12.3 We will not be liable under our contract with you for any loss, damage or expense you suffer as a result of us breaking any of our obligations if the loss, damage or expense is not a foreseeable consequence of us breaking our obligation. Loss, damage or expense is foreseeable where they could be contemplated by you and us at the time our contract with you is concluded. We are not responsible for indirect or consequential losses, damages or expenses which happen as a side effect of the main loss or damage and which are not foreseeable by you and us (such as loss of profits or loss of opportunity). Under no circumstances shall we have any liability to pay any money to you by way of compensation other than to refund to you the amount paid by you for the goods in question.
12.4 [Save as precluded by law, we will not be liable to you for any indirect or consequential loss, damage or expenses (including loss of profits, business or goodwill) howsoever arising out of any problem you notify to us under this clause 12 and we shall have no liability to pay any money to you by way of compensation other than to refund to you the amount paid by you for the goods in question under clause 12.2.3 above]
12.5. [Our maximum liability to you in connection with any goods purchased through our website is strictly limited to the purchase price of the goods in question
12.6. We will take reasonable precautions to keep the details of your order and payment secure, but, unless we are negligent, we cannot be held liable for any losses caused as a result of unauthorised access to information provided by you.
12.7. Our liability to you shall not in any way be limited:
12.7.1. for death or personal injury caused by our negligence
12.7.2. under section 2(3) of the Consumer Protection Act 1987
12.7.3. for fraud or fraudulent misrepresentation or
12.7.4. for any matter for which it would be illegal for us to exclude, or attempt to exclude, our liability.
12.8. You must observe and comply with all applicable regulations and legislation, including obtaining all necessary customs, import or other permits to purchase goods from our website. If you order products from our website for delivery outside the UK, they may be subject to import duties and taxes which are levied when the delivery reaches the specified destination. You will be responsible for payment of any such import duties and taxes. The importation or exportation of certain of our goods to you may be prohibited by certain national laws. We make no representation and accept no liability in respect of the export or import of the goods you purchase. Please contact your local customs office for further information before placing your order.
12.9. Notwithstanding the foregoing, nothing in these terms and conditions is intended to limit any rights you might have as a consumer under English law or under the law of your home country.13. ADDITIONAL TERMS13.1 Additional terms and conditions may apply for our offers. If so, you will be advised of them at the relevant point.14. INTELLECTUAL PROPERTY14.1 We, or our licensors, own the copyright, trademarks and all other intellectual property rights in all material and content of this website, which you may use, download and copy for your own personal, non-commercial use. Any other use or reproduction of the material or content is strictly prohibited.
14.2 You may not create any link to this website without our prior written consent, nor may you restrict or inhibit the use or enjoyment of it any one else.15. AVAILABILITY OF THIS WEBSITE15.1 We make no warranty or promise that this website will remain available for your use, or that its use will always be free from viruses or bugs or any errors. We will not be liable to you for any loss of content or material you upload or transmit through this website.16. THIRD PARTY ORDERS AND WEBSITES16.1. [Please note that in some cases, we accept orders as agents on behalf of third party sellers. The resulting legal contract is between you and that third party seller, and is subject to the terms and conditions of that third party seller, which they will advise you of directly. You should carefully review their terms and conditions applying to the transaction.]
16.2. We may provide links to other websites for your convenience. Any other websites to which you link from this website are governed by their own terms and conditions. We accept no responsibility or liability for the content or operation of websites which are not under our control and do not endorse them.17. WRITTEN COMMUNICATIONS17.1 Applicable laws require that some of the information or communications we send to you should be in writing. When using our website, you accept that communication with us will be mainly electronic. We will contact you by email or provide you with information by posting notices on our website. For contractual purposes, you agree to this electronic means of communication and you acknowledge that all contracts, notices and other communications that we provide you electronically comply with any legal requirement that such communications be in writing. This condition does not affect your statutory rights.18. NOTICES18.1 Unless otherwise expressly stated in these terms and conditions, all notices from you to us must be in writing and sent to our contact address noted in clause 10.4.2 or by email and all notices from us to you will be emailed to you at the email address you provided us when you registered an account with us.19. EVENTS BEYOND OUR CONTROL19.1 We shall have no liability to you for any failure to deliver the goods you have ordered, or any delay in doing so, that is caused by any event or circumstance beyond our reasonable control including, without limitation, strikes, lock-outs and other industrial disputes, breakdown of systems or network access, flood, fire, explosion or accident. 19.2 Our performance under any contract is deemed to be suspended for the period that the event of the type described in clause 19.1 continues, and we will have an extension of time for performance for the duration of that period. We will use our reasonable endeavours to bring the event of the type described in clause 19.1 to a close or to find a solution by which our obligations under the contract may be performed despite the event of the type described in clause 19.1.20. INVALIDITY20.1 If any part of these terms and conditions is unenforceable (including any provision in which we exclude our liability to you) the enforceability of any other part of these terms and conditions will not be affected.21. AMENDMENTS21.1 We do not accept amendments to these terms and conditions unless they are agreed in writing by one of our directors.22. WAIVER22.1 If we fail, at any time during the term of a contract, to insist upon strict performance of any of your obligations under the contract or any of these terms and condition, or if we fail to exercise any of the rights or remedies to which we are entitled under the contract, this shall not constitute a waiver of such rights or remedies and shall not relieve you from compliance with such obligations.
22.2 A waiver by us of any default shall not constitute a waiver of any subsequent default.
22.3 No waiver by us of any of these terms and conditions shall be effective unless it is expressly stated to be a waiver and is communicated to you in writing in accordance with clause 18.23. ASSIGNMENT23.1 You may not assign or sub-contract any of your rights or obligations under these terms and conditions or any related order for goods to any third party unless agreed upon in writing by us.
23.2 We reserve the right to transfer, assign, novate or sub-contract the whole or part of any of our rights or obligations under these terms and conditions or any related contract to a third party.24. THIRD PARTY RIGHTS24.1 Except for our affiliates, directors, employees or representatives, a person who is not a party to our contract has no right under the UK Contracts (Rights of Third Parties) Act 1999 to enforce any term of our contract or these terms and conditions. However, this does not affect any right or remedy of a third party that exists or is available apart from that Act.25. GOVERNING LAW25.1 The contract between us shall be governed by and interpreted in accordance with English law and the English courts shall have [non-exclusive] jurisdiction to resolve any disputes between us. English is the language offered for the conclusion of the contract between you and us.26. ENTIRE AGREEMENT26.1 We intend to rely on the written terms set out in these terms and conditions, together with our current website prices, delivery details, contact details and privacy policy. If you require any changes, please make sure you ask for these to be put in writing. In that way we can avoid any problems about what we and you are expected to do.
26.2 [Nothing said by any sales person on our behalf should be understood as a variation of these terms and conditions or as an authorised representation about the nature or quality of any goods offered for sale by us. Save for fraud or fraudulent misrepresentation, we shall have no liability for any such representation being untrue or misleading.27. WHO WE ARE27.1 This website is operated by, and any contract for the sale of goods will be with, Truly Scrumptious (Dorset) Ltd.All reference to manufacturers names or model/part numbers and any depiction by photographs or drawings are solely for ref. and i.d purposes. There is no connection or endorsement implied with original assemblers. Product specification and availability are subject to change without notice.
Customer Services
FAQs
Contact us
Terms and Conditions
Privacy policy
Browse ThePinkSugarMouse.com
Retro SweetsFree From RangeGluten Free FudgeGluten Free (Handmade)Gluten Free SweetsNo Added SugarNo Added Sugar (Chocolate Bars and Biscuits)Sugar Free SweetsSuitable for VegetariansSuitable for VeganChristmas Sweets
Our SweetsBonbons and ToffeesChocolate (Coated and Centred)Coconut Ice, Nuts and GingerCrystallised Fondants and Marzipan FruitsFudge (Selection Boxes)Fudge (Individual Pieces)Gums, Chews, Jellies and CandiesHard Boiled SweetsHumbugs, Rock and Flavoured SticksLiquoriceMints and AniseedNougatTurkish DelightSherbet and Sour SweetsAmerican SweetsOur ChocolatesOur Sweet HampersChristmas HampersAll Other HampersGift Ideas & BiscuitsChristmas IdeasWedding Favors - Sweet BuffetsBiscuits
Send us an Email
Like us on Facebook
Follow us on Twitter
Follow us on Instagram
© 2020 ThePinkSugarMouse.com