https://www.funkytrunks.com/content/16-terms-of-service-ft
WOMEN & GIRLS
Click to go to Funkita. Your current shopping cart will carry over so you can purchase both Funky Trunks & Funkita products in one transaction.
(0 item)
AUD
Log In/Sign Up
Menu
Swimwear
Performance
Skincare
Underwear
Beachwear
TOPS
Accessories
PROMOS
Outlet
Hassle Free Shipping
SHOP CURRENT PROMOS
Simple Returns
Feature Products
20% off Salty Santa
20% off Christmas Crackers
10% off Stocking Fillers
CURRENT PROMOS
Last Size Sale Mens
Last Size Sale Boys
NAUTICAL
Funky Trunks Essentials
Swimwear
Mens
Boys
Toddlers
Performance
Skincare
Underwear
Mens
Boys
Beachwear
Mens
Tops
Mens
Boys
Accessories
Swimming Caps
Backpacks
Towels
Get a Head Baseball Cap
Funky Goggles
Training Aids
Water Bottles
Instructor Rash Vest
Gift Vouchers
Outlet
Outlet Mens
Outlet Boys
Outlet Accessories
Categories
Collections
Athletes
Competitions
Events
Share
Newsletter
Subscribe
Unsubscribe
Subscription successful
Home>Terms of Service
WAY FUNKY COMPANY
Terms and Conditions
The Funky Trunks brand trades under the Australian private company, Way Funky Company Pty Ltd, ABN 15 111 108 251, located at 358 Johnston Street, Abbotsford, VICTORIA 3065, AUSTRALIA
At Way Funky we aim to provide you, the customer, with the highest quality Products and Services. We are committed to providing a prompt, friendly and efficient level of customer service. The following information is provided to ensure we can continue to meet these objectives. Please feel free to contact us if you wish to discuss further any of the following information. By using www.funkytrunks.com you are deemed to have read and be bound by these terms and conditions.
Privacy Policy
Please review our Privacy Policy which is located here (http://www.funkytrunks.com/content/6-privacy-policy)
Conduct
This website has been developed for use by customers and intended customers. You agree not to use the website in any way that causes or is intended to cause access or the website to be damaged, interrupted, or impaired in anyway including but not limited to:
Causing annoyance or nuisance inconvenience or mischief
Fraudulent purposes or in connection with unlawful or criminal activity
Breach of copyright, trademarks, confidence, privacy or any other right
Contract
When you place an order to purchase a product from Way Funky Company, we will send you an email confirming receipt and details of your order. Our acceptance of this offer to purchase will be at the time we dispatch that product to you and a confirming email in this regard is sent. The acceptance will be complete at this time. It is agreed at the time you place an order it is your intention to enter into a contract with Way Funky Company Pty Ltd.
Product Availability
We do our best to predict sales through the season however from time to time may be unable to supply particular items. We recommend for items you believe will be popular that you order as early as possible to ensure your request is filled. When a product is no longer available it will be excluded from purchase on our website. Whilst we use our best endeavours to fulfil such orders, we cannot be held responsible if the products are not available at a given point in time. It is further noted that dispatch times indicated are a guide and are not guaranteed dispatch times and should not be relied upon as such.
Payment
We accept payment by Visa, MasterCard, American Express and Diners Club via our secure checkout. We also accept payment via PayPal (for payments outside Australia only)
Alterations
We reserve the right to make changes to our website, policies, terms and conditions at any time.
Waiver
Should you breach any terms or conditions, and we take no action against you, we shall be entitled to invoke our rights and remedies in any other situation where you breach these conditions.
Merchandise Exchanges, Returns and Faults
Please review our Exchanges and Returns Policy which is located here (http://www.funkytrunks.com/content/9-returns-exchanges)
Import Taxes and Charges
All prices listed are in Australian Dollars. For Australian orders prices are inclusive of GST. The prices do not include import duties and charges that may be incurred upon entering the country of destination. It is not our responsibility for these charges and although the likelihood of incurring them is small we do encourage you to consult your local customs office for possible charges that may result.
Governing Law
The above terms and conditions are governed by the laws applicable of the state of Victoria in Australia. Both parties submit to the non exclusive jurisdiction of the Victorian Courts.
Thank you for your interest in Way Funky Company Pty Ltd. If you have any further questions please visit our Frequently Asked Questions section or contact us on the details below.
Contact Information
Way Funky Company
358 Johnston Street
Abbotsford, VICTORIA 3065
AUSTRALIA
1300 85 79 89 (within Australia)
+61 3 9419 8820 (international)
sales@wayfunky.com
Share
Cart
0
products
product
$0.00
(empty)
No products
Shipping
$0.00
Total
$0.00
Cart Check out
SHOPPING
Size Guide
Returns
Shipping & Delivery
Refer a Friend
Gift Vouchers
HELP
FAQs
Privacy policy
Terms of Service
Contact us
Store Locator
THE COMPANY
About
Feed the Funkys
Wholesale
BLOG
Newsletter
Subscribe
Unsubscribe
Subscription successful
YAY You're signed up
It's not essential but we'd love to know a little more about you
First name
Last name
Club name
Keep me updated on
Funky Trunks
Funkita
you can select both
No Thanks!
Submit
Thank you.