https://www.gogallop.com/privacy
0
Privacy policy.This Privacy Policy of GoGallop Pty Ltd (GoGallop or We) sets out our rules for how Equestriad World Tour (Game) collects and uses personal data, including why and how we collect your data, how we use that data, and the choices you have about your personal data. This Privacy Policy applies to the Game and websites and the services that go with them - collectively “GoGallop Services”.Your questions and issues.If you have questions about data protection, or if you have any requests for resolving issues with your personal data, we encourage you to primarily contact us through the support features within each GoGallop game, so we can reply to you more quickly. Alternatively, you may contact: Name of the Controller: GoGallop Pty LtdAddress: Attn: PrivacyEmail: privacy@gogallop.comYour options and your rights.We will provide you a copy of your personal data on request.
You also have the right to correct your data, have it deleted, and restrict how we share your data. You may opt-out of receiving promotional communications, such as marketing emails, push notifications, personalized in-game offers and other advertising. We will respond to all requests.
You may contact your local data protection authority for unresolved complaints.
Data protection and retention.Our security measures are designed to protect your data against loss, misuse and alteration and from unauthorised access.
If you ask us to delete your data, we will do so except as necessary for our legitimate business interests, such as to comply with our legal obligations, resolve disputes, and enforce our agreements. Otherwise, we keep your data while your account is active. We de-identify unused game accounts and other unnecessary data.Data collection.The personal data that we collect depends on the GoGallop Services you use.
Subject to that and applicable law, it might include:Data you provide to usWe collect:contact information (such as name, email address, phone number)player name or tag and passwordprofile information (such as profile photo)your messages to GoGallop (such as chat logs and player support tickets), and;other data you give to us (such as to identify a lost account or participate in survey or promotional programs).Data collected automaticallyWe collect:data about your account and game progress, including an internal account IDyour IP address and mobile device identifiersdata about your device, such as device type and operating system, browser type and language, internet services provider, and mobile carrierdata we collect with cookies etc. (see below)approximate location data (as derived from IP address)precise geo-location data (GPS, with your consent, if granted), and;data about your use of the GoGallop Services, such as gameplay data and your interactions with other players.Data collected from our partnersWe collect information about you from third-party partners, such as social networking sites, data analytics providers and advertising networks, by collecting data such as:data we receive if you link a third party tool with the GoGallop Services (such as Facebook, WeChat or Google) demographic data (such as to determine the location of your IP address)data to fight fraud (such as click fraud in advertising)data from platforms that the games run on (such as to verify payment)data for advertising and analytics purposes, to help provide GoGallop with information on how to improve your game play experience; anddata that you have made available to us from a third party service (such as WeChat, Google or Facebook) via your privacy settings.Data useWe use your data for a variety of business purposes, such as:To make the GoGallop Game work We have a legitimate interest to collect and process data necessary to perform GoGallop’s contract with you, including to:create accounts and allow you to play our Game;operate the Game;verify and confirm payments;provide and deliver products and Game enhancements that you may request, and;send you GoGallop Game-related communications.To make the GoGallop Services better for our playersWe have a legitimate interest to collect and process necessary data, including to develop and update player profilesdevelop and improve the GoGallop player experiencemanage our relationship with youprovide social featuresrespond to comments and questions and provide player supportprovide GoGallop offers to you, as well as offers in other websites, and by emailsend information, such as updates, security alerts, and support messages; andenable you to communicate with other players. To show individualised advertisementsWe have a legitimate interest to collect and process necessary data to show you personalized/ individualised advertisements, including in other websites and email, and so to:track the content you access with GoGallop Services and your online behaviour; anddeliver, target and improve our advertising and the GoGallop Services.You can opt-out from personalised/ individualised advertisements, see section 'Your options and your rights' above.Keeping GoGallop Services safe and fair.We have a legitimate interest to collect and process data to keep the GoGallop Services and its social features safe and fair and to fight fraud. We aim to ensure a level playing field in the GoGallop Services. For more information on our acceptable use policy, see End User Licence Agreement.To keep things safe and fair, we need toanalyse and monitor use of the GoGallop Services and its social featuresmoderate chats either automatically or manually; andtake action against fraudulent or misbehaving players. To analyse, profile, and segment.We have a legitimate interest to analyse, profile and segment data. With your consent, we may process your data for additional purposes, such as using your GPS location to tell you about local events.Data access.Apart from GoGallop, your data can be accessed by others in the following situations:Other playersSocial features are a core component of our games. Other players and users may, for example, see your profile, in-game activities and read messages you have posted.GoGallop Services’ ProvidersGoGallop has service providers to help us provide the GoGallop Services. These service providers process your data in accordance with GoGallop´s instructions, and perform tasks such as hosting, player support, advertising, analytics and fraud prevention.Other EntitiesTo combat fraud and illegal activity, we may process and disclose data with other companies and organisations and provide it to public authorities where that is lawful. We may also disclose your data, to comply with the law and to protect the rights, property and safety of us, our players and others.Advertising and Social Media PartnersThe GoGallop Services include features from our partners, such as social media interaction tools, functionalities through application programming interfaces (APIs) and software development kits (SDKs) and in-game advertising. These partners may access data about your activities and your device (such as your IP address, mobile identifiers, page(s) visited, location, time of day). We may also share data with third-party advertising partners. These advertising partners may use this data to deliver targeted advertisements to you when you visit GoGallop Services within their networks. If you prefer not to share your personal data with third-party advertising partners, see “Your options and your rights” above.Both types of partners operate under their own privacy policies, which you can check.International data transfers.GoGallop Services are global and your data can therefore be transferred to virtually anywhere in the world. Different countries have different data protection laws. We take steps to ensure adequate safeguards are in place to protect your data, including standard contractual clauses approved by the EU Commission and other lawful safeguards.Cookies.Like most online services, we and our partners use cookies and similar technologies to provide and personalize the GoGallop Services, analyse use, target advertisements and prevent fraud. Cookies and similar technologies allow us and our partners to store your preferences and track your activities within the GoGallop Services. We and our partners also collect and store information about users' interactions with unaffiliated websites and applications that use our technologies, including cookies and similar tracking technologies. This allows us to infer the presence of a common user or household behind multiple devices or browsers, for instance, and then link those browsers and devices into a device graph.We do so in order:to detect and prevent fraudto allow users to use the GoGallop Services on one device and pick up seamlessly where they left off on another devicefor analytics, personalization and attributionto limit the number of times a user is shown the same advertisement, across all known or inferred devices; andto provide personalized advertising on each of your devices.For more information (including opting out), visit www.gogallop/privacy. You can disable cookies in your browser settings, but some parts of the GoGallop Services may then not function properly.Children.Protecting children’s privacy online is very important. GoGallop Services are not directed to children under 13 (or other age as required by local law), and the GoGallop Services do not knowingly collect personal data from children, except as described below. For games not directed at children but nonetheless may appeal to them, we limit access to certain features such as social media and chat features, as well as certain types of notification alerts, based on the player’s age. We also limit the processing of personal data of children to the minimum that is necessary to support the internal operations of GoGallop Services. Parents and guardians can contact us to review personal data and have information modified or deleted. If we become aware that a child has provided us with personal data contrary to the above, we will delete it, unless we have a legal obligation to keep it; and we may terminate the child’s account and/or revert them to the underage experience, as applicable.Privacy Policy updates.We may update this Privacy Policy periodically by posting a new version on the GoGallop.com website. We will notify you of any material changes, by posting a notice before the change becoming effective. After that effective date, the updated Privacy Policy will apply.Effective as at 17 September 2020.