https://www.hoffmanmedia.com/privacy-policy/
Privacy PolicyYou are here: Home / Privacy Policy
Welcome to the Hoffman Media, LLC Web site. The policies below are applicable to hoffmanmedia.com, and other Web sites owned and operated by Hoffman Media, LLC. With our commitment to provide our customers with the highest quality service, you can be assured that we will protect your online privacy as stated in the terms of this policy. The Privacy Policy does not apply to written correspondence or telephone conversations, or any other method of obtaining information that you voluntarily provide to us, but strictly to information gathered online from the Hoffman Media, LLC Web sites. Please read this policy carefully. By visiting this site and other Hoffman Media web sites, you are agreeing to the terms of this policy.
What information we collect
Some features on this Web site ask you for personal information. This information includes, but is not limited to: e-mail address, name, postal address, telephone number and credit card information. We also collect the name, address, and e-mail information of any gift recipient you may have entered. Other online forms on sites owned and operated by Hoffman Media, LLC may ask you to provide certain demographic information such as hobbies, age or education. This information is collected when you order a subscription, answer a survey, request a catalog, enter a sweepstakes or contest, or order any Hoffman Media product.
When you visit the Site, we automatically collect certain information about your device, including information about your web browser, IP address, time zone, and some of the cookies that are installed on your device. Additionally, as you browse the Site, we collect information about the individual web pages or products that you view, what websites or search terms referred you to the Site, and information about how you interact with the Site. We refer to this automatically-collected information as “Device Information.”
We collect Device Information using the following technologies:
– “Cookies” are data files that are placed on your device or computer and often include an anonymous unique identifier. For more information about cookies, and how to disable cookies.
– “Log files” track actions occurring on the Site, and collect data including your IP address, browser type, Internet service provider, referring/exit pages, and date/time stamps.
When we talk about “Personal Information” in this Privacy Policy, we are talking both about Device Information and Order Information.
How we use this information
We use this information to better serve our online customers. The information gathered online might be used when updating information on our Web sites or our print publications. We may also use this information when adding or evaluating online customer service options, or to send you notices of products and services that we believe may be of interest to you.
If you have provided information for someone else to receive a product or service, then their e-mail address will be used to send them an e-mail gift card, if such a service was requested by the donor. We might also use this information to notify them of other products and services that may be of interest to them.
We Protect Your Privacy
Hoffman Media, LLC will not share the e-mail addresses that we collect through your online participation with any unaffiliated third parties, unless we disclose such potential use to you and request your consent at the time this information is collected. Unless you consent, only Hoffman Media, LLC and its affiliates, our technical advisors, and third party auditors will have access to the information gathered through your online usage.
E-mail and Postal Correspondence
There are checkboxes on our online forms that allow you to indicate whether you wish to receive e-mail correspondence, such as information on newsletters or special offers, from Hoffman Media, LLC and our affiliates. These messages are optional. By checking the appropriate box and submitting the form, you will be entitled to receive e-mail correspondence. On occasion, Hoffman Media, LLC makes e-mail and postal addresses that we have collected through online participation available to companies with products or services that we believe may be of interest to you based on the information we have gathered. If you do not want to receive e-mail or postal messages from such companies, you may choose to opt out by un-checking the box.
Behavioral Advertising
As described above, we use your Personal Information to provide you with targeted advertisements or marketing communications we believe may be of interest to you. For more information about how targeted advertising works, you can visit the Network Advertising Initiative’s (“NAI”) educational page.
You can opt out of targeted advertising at:
FACEBOOK
GOOGLE
Additionally, you can opt out of some of these services by visiting the Digital Advertising Alliance’s opt-out portal.
Do Not Track
Please note that we do not alter our Site’s data collection and use practices when we see a Do Not Track signal from your browser.
EU Customers – Your Rights
If you are a European resident, you have the right to access personal information we hold about you and to ask that your personal information be corrected, updated, or deleted. If you would like to exercise this right, please contact us.
Additionally, if you are a European resident we note that we are processing your information in order to fulfill contracts we might have with you (for example if you make an order through the Site), or otherwise to pursue our legitimate business interests listed above. Additionally, please note that your information will be transferred outside of Europe, including to Canada and the United States.
Privacy Information for California Residents. If you are a California resident, California law requires us to provide you with some additional information regarding your rights with respect to your “personal information” (as defined in the California Consumer Privacy Act (“CCPA”)).
A. California Data Access & Deletion Rights
If you are a California resident, the CCPA allows you to make certain requests about your personal information. Specifically, the CCPA allows you to request us to:
Inform you about the categories of personal information we collect or disclose about you; the categories of sources of such information; the business or commercial purpose for collecting your personal information; and the categories of third parties with whom we share/disclose personal information.
Provide access to and/or a copy of certain personal information we hold about you.
Delete certain personal information we have about you.
Provide you with information about the financial incentives that we offer to you, if any.
Please note that certain information may be exempt from such requests under California law. For example, we need certain information in order to provide the Services to you.
Verification: We will take reasonable steps to verify your identity before responding to a request, which may include, depending on your request and relationship with you verifying your name, email address, address, and/or having you respond to an email from us.
You are also permitted to designate an authorized agent to submit certain requests on your behalf. In order for an authorized agent to be verified, you must provide the authorized agent with signed, written permission to make such requests or a power of attorney. We may also follow up with you to verify your identity before processing the authorized agent’s request.
If you would like further information regarding your legal rights under California law or would like to exercise any of them, please request from our CCPA Privacy Policy Form.
B. Notice of Right to Opt Out of Sale of Personal Information
California residents may opt out of the “sale” of their personal information. We sell certain of your information to third parties to provide you with offers and promotions and opportunities that may be of interest to you.
Under the CCPA, sale is also broadly defined such that it may include allowing third parties to receive certain information, such as cookies, IP address, and/or browsing behavior, to deliver targeted advertising on the Services or other services. Advertising, including targeted advertising, enables us to provide you certain content for free and allows us to provide you offers relevant to you.
Depending on what Services you use, we may provide the following categories of personal information to third parties for these purposes:
For online targeted advertising purposes: demographic and statistical information, user-generated content, device information and identifiers, connection and usage data, geolocation, and social media information.
For sharing with third parties to send you relevant offers and promotions and opportunities: contact information (e.g., name and physical address) and publication subscription information.
If you would like to opt out of Hoffman Media’s use of your information for such purposes that are considered a “sale” under California law, please request from our CCPA Privacy Policy Form.
The CCPA further provides you with the right to not be discriminated against (as provided for in applicable law) for exercising your access, deletion or sale opt out rights.
Data Retention
When you place an order through the Site, we will maintain your Order Information for our records unless and until you ask us to delete this information.
Hoffman Media, LLC may also share information that we have received through sources other than online usage, such as when you subscribe to a magazine, purchase a product, or complete a survey. Regardless of how this data was obtained, you may choose to opt out by written request to this address:
Hoffman Media, LLC,
1900 International Park Drive,
Suite #50,
Birmingham,
Alabama 35243.
Or online by requesting from our Privacy Policy Form.
Promotions and Newsletters
If you choose to provide your e-mail address to us through your use of Hoffman Media, LLC Web sites, we may occasionally notify you by e-mail of special offers, products or services that we feel may be of interest to you based on the data we have collected. You will also be given the option of receiving notices of special offers, products or services from third party affiliates of Hoffman Media, LLC. With both types of these promotional offers, you have the choice to opt out by un-checking the appropriate box in the Profile section of the Web site.
You may also be given the option to receive certain e-mail newsletters that we feel may interest you based on your preferences determined by data that we have obtained through your e-mail usage. You may sign up to receive these at any time, and you may also choose to unsubscribe at any time.
Note to parents:
Hoffman Media, LLC requests that no personal information be submitted by individuals 17 years of age or younger without parental consent.
If you are uncertain if your child has submitted personal information to Hoffman Media, LLC, or if you wish to review, delete, or correct the information submitted, please notify us at Hoffman Media, LLC. 1900 International Park Drive, Suite #50, Birmingham, Alabama 35243, (888)-411-8995 or fax us at (205) 991-0071. We will make every effort to ensure the information is deleted in an expedient manner.
Acceptance of the Privacy Policy
By your online usage of any Hoffman Media, LLC Web site, you agree to accept the terms of this policy. Any improper conduct or misuse of these Web sites will not be tolerated and we reserve the right to release to third parties any personal information regarding users who violate the terms of the policy, or use these Web sites for fraudulent or illegal purposes.
Indemnification
If you violate the terms of agreement stated in this policy, you agree to indemnify, defend and hold harmless Hoffman Media, LLC, its affiliated companies and subsidiaries, its officers, directors, employees, agents, licensors, suppliers and any third-party information providers from and against all losses, damages and expenses, including but not limited to, reasonable attorney’s fees arising from or relating to any such violations. Additionally, Hoffman Media, LLC reserves the right to assume the exclusive defense and control of any action, proceeding or matter subject to indemnification by you, whereupon you agree to cooperate with Hoffman Media, LLC in asserting any available defense.
MagazinesBake from Scratch
Cooking with Paula Deen
The Cottage Journal
Classic Sewing
Louisiana Cookin’
Southern Cast Iron
Southern Home
Southern Lady
Taste of the South
TeaTime
Victoria
Scroll to top