http://www.northcentralfoods.com/privacy.php?osCsid=qvtlnqjimkh2faaib5l96sceo0
Privacy Notice : North Central Food Processing Supply, Inc.
Top :: Catalog :: Privacy Notice
My Account					  |
Cart Contents					  |
Checkout
Categories
Bags-> (34)BBQ Sauces & Steak Sauces (5)Bratwursts (32)Casings (22)Cures (3)Grilling Pellets (9)Jerky Seasoning (9)Miscellaneous Seasonings (2)Sausage Seasonings (14)Seasoning Shakers (35)Smoked Sausages (5)Snack Sticks (12)Stuffing Tubes (6)Summer Sausage (5)Supplies & Home Equipment (27)
What's New?
Garlic Romano$3.95
Quick Find
Use keywords to find the product you are looking for.Advanced Search
Information
Shipping & Returns Privacy Notice Conditions of Use Contact Us
Privacy Notice
This is the web site of:
North Central Food Processing Supply, Inc.
5013 W Twelfth St
Sioux Falls, SD 57107
We can be reached via e-mail at
sales@northcentralfoods.com
or you can reach us by telephone at (605) 274-3064
For each visitor to our Web page, our Web server automatically recognizes only the consumer's domain name, but not the e-mail address.
We collect the domain name and e-mail address (where possible) of visitors to our Web page for aggregate information on what pages consumers access or visit, user-specific information on what pages consumers access or visit, and information volunteered by the consumer, such as survey information and/or site registrations.
The information we collect is used to improve the content of our Web page or used to customize the content and/or layout of our page for each individual visitor.
This information is also used to notify consumers about updates to our Web site.
Your information is not shared with other organizations for commercial purposes.
With respect to "cookies"
A cookie is a piece of information sent by a Web server to a user's browser. We use cookies to store visitors preferences, record session information, such as items that consumers add to their shopping cart, alert visitors to new areas that we think might be of interest to them when they return to our site.
We also record past activity at a site in order to provide better service when visitors return to our site, customize Web page content based on visitors' browser type or other information that the visitor sends.
With respect to your contact information
If you do not want to receive e-mail from us in the future, please let us know by sending us e-mail at the above address, calling us at the above telephone number.
If you supply us with your postal address on-line you will only receive the information for which you provided us your address.
Persons who supply us with their telephone numbers on-line will only receive telephone contact from us with information regarding orders they have placed on-line.
With respect to Ad Servers
We do not partner with or have special relationships with any ad server companies.
Policy and personal information changes
From time to time, we may use customer information for new, unanticipated uses not previously disclosed in our privacy notice. If our information practices change at some time in the future we will use for these new purposes only data collected from the time of the policy change forward.
Upon request we provide site visitors with access to transaction information (e.g., dates on which customers made purchases, amounts and types of purchases) that we maintain about them, contact information (e.g., name, address, phone number) that we maintain about them, a description of information that we maintain about them.
Consumers can access this information by e-mail us at the above address, write to us at the above address.
Upon request we offer visitors the ability to have inaccuracies corrected in contact information, financial information.
Consumers can have this information corrected by sending us e-mail at the above address, calling us at the above telephone number, visiting us at
http://www.northcentralfoods.com/account.php.
With respect to security
We always use industry-standard encryption technologies when transferring and receiving consumer data exchanged with our site, We have appropriate security measures in place in our physical facilities to protect against the loss, misuse or alteration of information that we have collected from you at our site.
If you feel that this site is not following its stated information policy, you may contact us at the above addresses or phone number.
Shopping Cart
0 items
Bestsellers
01.Ultimate Steak and Roast Rub02.Prime Rib Rub03.Grill In/Grill Out04.3/8" Poly Tape Red05.Wisconsin Bratwurst06.Better Burger Seasoning07.Sure Cure-4 Ounces08.Country Style Pork Sausage Seasoning09.1.5 X 12 Clear Fibrous Casings10.Willies Snack Stick
Reviews
My family and enjoyed this product, immensely. We mixed up a ..
Friday 09 October, 2020
8125364 requests since Thursday 30 September, 2004
North Central Food Processing Supply
5013 W 12th St – Sioux Falls, SD 57106
Telephone: (605) 274-3064   E-mail: sales@northcentralfoods.com
Powered by osCommerce - Web site design by SiteIt!