https://www.itouchless.com/terms_and_conditions/
iTouchless -
Terms and Conditions
JavaScript seems to be disabled in your browser.
You must have JavaScript enabled in your browser to utilize the functionality of this website.
itouchless
0
Check out our current promotion
You have no items in your shopping cart.
Compare
(0)
You have no items to compare.
Product Registration
My Account
Log In
Sign Up
Search:
Search
Menu
Trash CansBathroomKitchenHouseholdCommercialParts
Home
/
Terms and Conditions
X
up to 20% OFF
YOUR FIRST ORDER*
Simply join our mailing list below toreceive this special discount
JOIN
*10% First-time buyer discount plus 10% Everyday Discount. 10% Everyday Discount does not apply to Parts, Accessories or Sale/Marked Down Items, unless otherwise noted.
See Details
Terms and Conditions
The iTouchless Web site located at www.iTouchless.com is a copyrighted work belonging to iTouchless Housewares and Products, Inc. (“iTouchless”). iTouchless provides an online store offering housewares products every day.
The iTouchless Share and Earn Program is owned and operated by eHot LLc. ( “eHot”). iTouchless and eHot are referred to collectively as “Companies” herein.
By clicking “sign in” and entering or otherwise using our Web site or mobile applications (the “Web site”), you agree to and accept these terms and conditions. You also agree to and accept our Notice of Privacy Practices , which describes how we use the information you provide iTouchless and eHot and is incorporated into these terms and conditions by reference. Please read the terms and conditions and Notice of Privacy Practices carefully as you are agreeing to be bound by them.
TOGETHER THESE TERMS AND CONDITIONS AND THE NOTICE OF PRIVACY PRACTICES CONSTITUTE YOUR SERVICE AGREEMENT (“AGREEMENT”) WITH The Companies. THIS AGREEMENT SETS FORTH THE LEGALLY BINDING TERMS FOR YOUR USE OF OUR WEB SITE, ANY MEMBERSHIP YOU MAY ESTABLISH ON THE SITE, AND YOUR PURCHASE OR USE OF ANY PRODUCTS OR SERVICES OFFERED ON THE SITE. BY ACCESSING AND/OR USING THE WEB SITE, YOU REPRESENT AND WARRANT THAT YOU HAVE THE RIGHT, AUTHORITY, AND CAPACITY TO ENTER INTO THE AGREEMENT AND TO ABIDE BY ALL OF THE TERMS AND CONDITIONS SET FORTH HEREIN. YOU MAY NOT ACCESS OR USE THIS WEBSITE, BECOME THE COMPANIES MEMBER, OR ACCEPT THIS AGREEMENT UNLESS YOU ARE AT LEAST 18 YEARS OLD. IF YOU DO NOT AGREE WITH ALL PROVISIONS OF THIS AGREEMENT, PLEASE DO NOT ACCESS AND/OR USE THE WEB SITE, SIGN UP FOR MEMBERSHIP, OR PURCHASE PRODUCTS OR SERVICES THROUGH THE WEB SITE.
1 Accounts
1.1 Account Creation. Purchasing products and services (referred to collectively as “Products” herein) from the Web site would automatically sign you up an account with the Companies (“iTouchless and eHot Account”) from the information about yourself as prompted by the billing/shipping information. In order to use certain features of the Web site without purchase, you must register for a Companies Account and provide certain information about yourself as prompted by the Web site registration form. You represent and warrant that: (a) all required billing/shipping/registration information you submit is truthful and accurate; (b) you will maintain the accuracy of such information; (c) you will obtain only one account for yourself; (d) one household address is limited to maximum four (4) unique member accounts; and (e) your use of the Web site does not violate any applicable law or regulation or the terms of this Agreement. Companies may suspend or terminate your Companies Account in accordance with Section 11.
1.2 Account Responsibilities. You are responsible for maintaining the confidentiality of your Companies Account login information. You are fully responsible for all activities that are associated with your Companies Account (including but not limited to any purchases, use of the Web site, or correspondence from your account to the Companies). You agree to immediately notify Companies of any unauthorized use or suspected unauthorized use of your Companies Account or any other breach of security. When you provide Companies with such notice, Companies will suspend or otherwise secure your Account to prevent future unauthorized activity.
2 Terms of Sale
2.1 Products and Pricing. All Products or services listed on the Web site are subject to change, as is Product information, pricing, and availability. Companies reserve the right, at any time, to modify, suspend, or discontinue any Web site feature or the sale of any Product with or without notice. You agree that Companies will not be liable to you or to any third party for any modification, suspension, or discontinuance of any Web site feature or Product. In the event a Product is listed at an incorrect price or with incorrect information, we shall have the right, prior to the acceptance of your order (as described in Section 2.3 below), to decline or cancel any such orders, whether or not the order has been confirmed and/or your credit card or PayPal account charged. If your credit card or PayPal has already been charged for the order and we cancel your order, we will issue a credit to your credit card account or PayPal account in the amount of the charge.
2.2 Payment Terms. For each Product you order on the Web site, you agree to pay the price applicable for the Product as of the time you submitted your order (“Product Price”), the delivery fees for the delivery service you select (“Delivery Fees”), and any applicable Taxes (defined below). Companies will automatically bill your credit card or PayPal account submitted as part of the order process for such amounts, and you hereby authorize us to do so. You will be solely responsible for payment of all taxes (other than taxes directly imposed on Companies’ business activity in a state, such as income taxes), fees, duties, and other governmental charges, and any related penalties and interest, arising from the Product purchase (“Taxes”) not withheld by the Companies. All payments are non-refundable (except as expressly set forth in Section 2.1 and 2.3).
2.3 Orders. Your receipt of an order confirmation from us does not signify our acceptance of your order, nor does it constitute confirmation of our offer to sell. We reserve the right at any time after receipt of your order to accept or decline or cancel your order (in whole or in part) for any reason. We may require additional verifications or information before accepting any order. Your order is not accepted until it is shipped (or a portion of the order is shipped). Notwithstanding the foregoing, you agree that, if we cancel all or a part of your order, your sole and exclusive remedy is that we (a) issue a credit to your credit card or PayPal account in the amount charged for the cancelled portion (if your credit card has already been charged for the order) or (b) not charge your credit card or PayPal account for the cancelled portion of the order.
2.4 PayPal Purchases. Orders placed using a PayPal account as payment method will be processed upon submission, and funds may be transferred from your PayPal account immediately. This does not signify our acceptance of your order, nor does it constitute confirmation of our offer to sell. We reserve the right to decline or cancel your order as defined in Sections 2.1 and 2.3. This Section does not alter or amend any other Sections of this Agreement.
2.5 Shipping Policy. Any delivery dates provided by the Companies are estimates. Companies reserve the right to make deliveries in installments. Companies will send you an email when your order has shipped and you may review your order and shipping information on your My Account page. We ship within the US (including Alaska, Hawaii and APO/FPO/DPO addresses) and to Canada.
2.6 Return Policy
(a) Return and Exchange Policy. Companies will only accept returns/exchanges on products that are approved by the Companies as eligible for return/exchange with a Return/Exchange Merchandise Authorization (RMA/EMA). Once Companies confirm that your Product was returned in the original brand new condition in the fully complete manufacturer’s packaging, your sole and exclusive remedy is a refund in the amount charged for the applicable Product; provided that the refund amount will not include the applicable Delivery Fee, which is nonrefundable.
(b) Damaged/Lost Products. Product arrives damaged (“Damaged Product”) must be reported to the Companies within 7 calendar days of delivery date. Lost shipment must be reported to the Companies within 14 calendar days from the ship date. Original boxes, enclosed documentation and packing materials of Damaged Product should be saved for on-site inspection by shipping carriers. Damaged Product will be replaced after inspected or picked up by shipping carrier. Lost shipment will be replaced after shipping carrier finished tracking the Lost Shipment.  No credit will be issued for Damaged Product and Lost Shipment.
(c) Return/Exchange Procedures. All returns/exchanges must be made within 30 days after the Product shipment date. All returned Products must be unused (e.g., not used, washed, damaged, or altered) and returned in accordance with the instructions received from contacting customer service. You are solely responsible for the cost of shipping the returned Product. All Products not returned in accordance with the Return/Exchange Procedures shall be sent back to you, and no credit or refund will be issued. Once Companies confirm that your Product was returned in the acceptable condition, your refund will be credited back to the original payment method within 5 business days after the return center receives the item.
2.7 Order Cancellation Policy. All order cancellation requests must be submitted via phone or email and approved by the Companies. If Companies are able to cancel the order, the order would be “cancelled per customer request”. Otherwise, it would be processed and shipped as regular order, and a return request may be submitted after the order is received. All “cancelled per customer request” cancellations will be refunded less applicable Delivery Fee if a charge had been made and order has been shipped. All cancellations refund will not include the applicable Delivery Fee, which is nonrefundable.
3 Web site
3.1 License. Subject to the terms of this Agreement, Companies grants you a limited, non-transferable, non-exclusive, license to access and make personal use of the shopping services and features provided on the Web site. This license does not include any resale or commercial use of the Web site features or content, or the right to access or use the Web site for any of the restricted purposes set forth in Section 3.2. Companies may terminate this license at any time for any reason.
3.2 Certain Restrictions. The rights granted to you in this Agreement are subject to the following restrictions: (a) you shall not license, sublicense, reproduce, sell, rent, lease, transfer, assign, distribute, host, or otherwise commercially exploit the Web site or its content without the express written consent of the Companies; (b) you shall not modify, make derivative works of, disassemble, reverse compile or reverse engineer any part of the Web site; (c) you shall not access the Web site in order to build a similar or competitive service, or to download, copy or collect content or account information for the benefit of another merchant; (d) except as expressly stated herein, no part of the Web site may be copied, reproduced, distributed, republished, downloaded, displayed, posted or transmitted in any form or by any means without Companies’ express written consent; and (e) you shall not frame or utilize framing techniques to enclose any trademark, logo, or other proprietary information or content (including images and text descriptions) of the Web site without Companies’ express written consent. Any future release, update, or other addition to functionality of the Web site shall be subject to the terms of this Agreement.
3.3 Modification. Companies reserve the right, at any time, to modify, suspend, or discontinue the Web site or any part thereof with or without notice. You agree that Companies will not be liable to you or to any third party for any modification, suspension, or discontinuance of the Web site or any part thereof.
3.4 Ownership. You acknowledge that all intellectual property rights in the Web site, including our rights to copyrighted material, patents, trademarks, service marks, and trade secrets (“Intellectual Property”) (excluding any User Content) are owned by the Companies and its licensors, and neither the limited license granted in Section 3.1, nor our provision of the Web site under this Agreement shall transfer to you or any third party any rights, title or interest in or to such Intellectual Property. Companies reserve all rights not granted in this Agreement.
4 User Content
4.1 User Content. “User Content” of a Web site user means any and all information and content that such user submits to Companies by any means, including through social media (e.g., Facebook, Twitter), or uses with the Web site (e.g., a user profile or a feedback submission). You are solely responsible for your User Content. You assume all risks associated with use of your User Content, including any reliance on its accuracy, completeness or usefulness by others, or any disclosure of your User Content that makes you or any third party personally identifiable. You hereby affirm, represent, and warrant that (i) you own, or have the necessary licenses, rights, and/or consents to use your User Content with the Web site as described herein and (ii) your User Content does not violate the Acceptable Use Policy (defined below). You may not state or imply that your User Content is in any way provided, sponsored or endorsed by the Companies. Because you alone are responsible for your User Content (and not the Companies), you may expose yourself to liability if, for example, your User Content violates the Acceptable Use Policy. Companies are not obligated to backup any User Content, makes no representation that it will do so, and you agree that Companies may delete User Content at any time.
4.2 License. By submitting your User Content or using it with the Web site , you automatically grant, and you represent and warrant that you have the right to grant, to Companies an irrevocable, nonexclusive, royalty-free and fully paid, worldwide license to reproduce, distribute, publicly display and perform, prepare derivative works of, incorporate into other works, and otherwise use your User Content, and to grant sublicenses of the foregoing, solely for the purposes of including your User Content in the Web site. You agree to irrevocably waive (and cause to be waived) any claims and assertions of publicity or moral rights, or attribution with respect to your User Content.
4.3 Feedback. Companies will treat any feedback, communications, or suggestions you provide to Companies as non-confidential and non-proprietary. Thus, in the absence of a written agreement with Companies to the contrary, you agree that you will not submit to Companies any information or ideas that you consider to be confidential or proprietary.
5 Acceptable Use Policy
The following sets forth Companies’ “Acceptable Use Policy”:
5.1 You agree not to use the Web site to collect, upload, transmit, display, or distribute any User Content (a) that violates any third-party right, including any copyright, trademark, patent, trade secret, moral right, privacy right, right of publicity, or any other intellectual property or proprietary right; (b) that is unlawful, harassing, abusive, tortious, threatening, harmful, abusive, invasive of another’s privacy, vulgar, defamatory, false, intentionally misleading, trade libelous, pornographic, obscene, patently offensive (e.g., material that promotes racism, bigotry, hatred, or physical harm of any kind against any group or individual) or otherwise objectionable material of any kind or nature or which is harmful to minors in any way; or (c) in violation of any law, regulation, or obligations or restrictions imposed by any third party.
5.2 In addition, you agree not to commercially exploit the Web site or use it to: (a) upload, transmit, or distribute any computer viruses, worms, or any software intended to damage or alter a computer system or data; (b) send unsolicited or unauthorized advertising, promotional materials, junk mail, spam, chain letters, pyramid schemes, or any other form of duplicative or unsolicited messages, whether commercial or otherwise; (c) harvest, collect, gather or assemble information or data regarding other users, including e-mail addresses, without their consent; (d) interfere with or disrupt servers or networks connected to the Web site or violate the regulations, policies or procedures of such networks; (e) attempt to gain unauthorized access to the Web site, other computer systems or networks connected to or used together with the Web site, through password mining or other means; or (f) harass or interfere with another user’s use and enjoyment of the Web site.
5.3 We reserve the right (but have no obligation under this Agreement) to review any User Content, investigate, and/or take appropriate action against you, in our sole discretion, if you violate the Acceptable Use Policy or any other provision of this Agreement, including removing or modifying your User Content, terminating your Companies Account in accordance with Section 11, and/or reporting you to law enforcement authorities. We may also remove or modify your User Content if it, in our sole judgment, violates the rights of, harms, or threatens the safety of any other person, or creates liability for us or any other person. In order to cooperate with legitimate governmental requests, subpoenas or court orders, or to protect our business and members, we may access and disclose any information we consider necessary or appropriate, including your Companies Account username and password, IP address and traffic information, usage history, and your User Content.
5.3 Only products purchased from Companies’ authorized dealer would receive warranty coverage from the Companies. You understand and agree that by registering Products that are not purchased from the Companies, your products don’t covered by Companies’ warranty service automatically. Upon Companies receive your service request on your product, Companies will review your product registration and decide to approve or reject your qualification of warranty coverage.
6 Third Party Sites and Other Users
6.1 Third Party Sites. The Web site may contain links to, or advertisements for, third party web sites (collectively, “Third Party Sites”) (for example, social media sites such as Facebook, Twitter, or Pinterest). Such Third Party Sites are not under the control of Companies and Companies are not responsible for any Third Party Sites. Companies provide links to these Third Party Sites only as a convenience and does not review, approve, monitor, endorse, warrant, or make any representations with respect to Third Party Sites. You agree that you use all Third Party Sites at your own risk. When you link to a Third Party Site, the applicable service provider’s terms and policies, including privacy and data gathering practices govern. You should make whatever investigation you feel necessary or appropriate before proceeding with any transaction with any Third Party Site.
6.2 Other Users. Each Web site user is solely responsible for any and all of its User Content. Because we do not control User Content, you acknowledge and agree that we are not responsible for any User Content and we make no guarantees regarding the accuracy, currency, suitability, or quality of any User Content, and we assume no responsibility for any User Content. Your interactions with other Web site users are solely between you and such user. You agree that Companies will not be responsible for any loss or damage incurred as the result of any such interactions. If there is a dispute between you and any Web site user, we are under no obligation to become involved.
6.3 Release. You hereby release us, our officers, employees, agents, affiliates, subsidiaries, parents, joint ventures, successors and any other companies under common control with us from claims, demands any and all losses, damages, rights, claims, and actions of any kind including personal injuries, death, and property damage, that are either directly or indirectly related to or arise out of any interactions with or conduct of other Web site users or Third Party Sites. IF YOU ARE A CALIFORNIA RESIDENT, YOU HEREBY WAIVE CALIFORNIA CIVIL CODE SECTION 1542 IN CONNECTION WITH THE FOREGOING, WHICH STATES: “A GENERAL RELEASE DOES NOT EXTEND TO CLAIMS WHICH THE CREDITOR DOES NOT KNOW OR SUSPECT TO EXIST IN HIS FAVOR AT THE TIME OF EXECUTING THE RELEASE, WHICH, IF KNOWN BY HIM MUST HAVE MATERIALLY AFFECTED HIS SETTLEMENT WITH THE DEBTOR.”
7 Disclaimers
THE WEB SITE AND PRODUCTS ARE PROVIDED “AS-IS” AND AS AVAILABLE AND WE EXPRESSLY DISCLAIM ANY WARRANTIES AND CONDITIONS OF ANY KIND, WHETHER EXPRESS OR IMPLIED, INCLUDING THE WARRANTIES OR CONDITIONS OF MERCHANTABILITY, FITNESS FOR A PARTICULAR PURPOSE, TITLE, QUIET ENJOYMENT, ACCURACY, OR NON-INFRINGEMENT. SOME JURISDICTIONS DO NOT ALLOW THE EXCLUSION OF IMPLIED WARRANTIES, SO THE ABOVE EXCLUSION MAY NOT APPLY TO YOU. IF APPLICABLE LAW REQUIRES IMPLIED WARRANTIES WITH RESPECT TO THE PRODUCTS, THEN ALL SUCH WARRANTIES ARE LIMITED IN DURATION TO NINETY (90) DAYS FROM THE DATE OF PURCHASE.
COMPANIES DOES NOT WARRANT, ENDORSE, GUARANTEE, OR ASSUME RESPONSIBILITY FOR ANY PRODUCT ADVERTISED OR OFFERED BY A THIRD PARTY THROUGH THIS SITE AND COMPANIES WILL NOT BE A PARTY TO OR IN ANY WAY MONITOR ANY TRANSACTION BETWEEN YOU AND THIRD PARTY PROVIDERS OF PRODUCTS OR SERVICES. IF A SUPPLIER PROVIDES AN EXPRESS WARRANTY, THAT WARRANTY IS BETWEEN YOU AND THE SUPPLIER AND NOT THE COMPANIES. NOTWITHSTANDING THE FOREGOING, IF A SUPPLIER OF A PRODUCT PROVIDES A WARRANTY FOR THE PRODUCT AND ALLOWS US TO PASS IT THROUGH TO YOU, WE WILL PASS IT THROUGH TO YOU.
8 Limitation on Liability
IN NO EVENT SHALL COMPANIES, OUR OFFICERS, EMPLOYEES, AGENTS, AFFILIATES, SUBSIDIARIES, PARENTS, JOINT VENTURES, SUCCESSORS AND ANY OTHER COMPANIES UNDER COMMON CONTROL WITH US BE LIABLE TO YOU OR ANY THIRD PARTY FOR ANY LOST PROFIT OR ANY INDIRECT, CONSEQUENTIAL, EXEMPLARY, INCIDENTAL, SPECIAL OR PUNITIVE DAMAGES ARISING FROM YOUR USE OF THE WEB SITE, PRODUCTS, OR THIRD PARTY SITES, EVEN IF WE HAVE BEEN ADVISED OF THE POSSIBILITY OF SUCH DAMAGES. ACCESS TO, AND USE OF, THE WEB SITE, PRODUCTS AND THIRD PARTY SITES ARE AT YOUR OWN DISCRETION AND RISK, AND YOU WILL BE SOLELY RESPONSIBLE FOR ANY DAMAGE TO YOUR COMPUTER SYSTEM OR LOSS OF DATA RESULTING THEREFROM. NOTWITHSTANDING ANYTHING TO THE CONTRARY CONTAINED HEREIN, OUR LIABILITY TO YOU FOR ANY DAMAGES ARISING FROM OR RELATED TO THIS AGREEMENT (FOR ANY CAUSE WHATSOEVER AND REGARDLESS OF THE FORM OF THE ACTION), WILL AT ALL TIMES BE LIMITED TO THE GREATER OF (A) FIFTY US DOLLARS ($50) OR (B) AMOUNTS YOU’VE PAID COMPANIES IN THE PRIOR 12 MONTHS. WE AGREE THAT ANY CLAIM BETWEEN US MUST BE BROUGHT WITHIN TWO (2) YEARS.
SOME JURISDICTIONS DO NOT ALLOW THE LIMITATION OR EXCLUSION OF LIABILITY FOR INCIDENTAL OF CONSEQUENTIAL DAMAGES, SO THE ABOVE LIMITATION OR EXCLUSION MAY NOT APPLY TO YOU AND YOU MAY ALSO HAVE OTHER LEGAL RIGHTS THAT VARY FROM JURISDICTION TO JURISDICTION.
9 Indemnity
You agree to indemnify and hold Companies, our officers, employees, agents, affiliates, subsidiaries, parents, joint ventures, successors and any other companies under common control with us harmless, including costs and attorneys’ fees, from any claim or demand made by any third party due to or arising out of (i) your use of the Web site or Products, (ii) your User Content, or (iii) your violation of this Agreement. Companies reserve the right, at your expense, to assume the exclusive defense and control of any matter for which you are required to indemnify us and you agree to cooperate with our defense of these claims. You agree not to settle any matter without the prior written consent of Companies. Companies will use reasonable efforts to notify you of any such claim, action or proceeding upon becoming aware of it.
10 Arbitration
You agree that any dispute or claim relating in any way to your use of any Product, or the Web site will be resolved by binding arbitration rather than in court, except that you may assert claims in small claims court if your claims qualify. You agree that the Federal Arbitration Act and federal arbitration law apply to this agreement.
For all disputes whether pursued in small claims court or arbitration, you must first give us an opportunity to resolve your claim by sending a written description of your claim to iTouchless Housewares & Products, Inc. Attn.: Legal, 777 Mariners Island Blvd, Suite 125, San Mateo, California 94404. We each agree to negotiate your claim in good faith. If we are unable to resolve the claim within 60 days after we receive this claim description, you may pursue your claim in arbitration. We each agree that if you fail to timely pay amounts due, we may assign your account for collection, and the collection agency may pursue, in small claims court, claims limited strictly to the collection of the past due amounts and any interest or cost of collection permitted by law or the Agreement.
Either you or we may start arbitration proceedings. You must send a letter requesting arbitration and describing your claim to our registered agent to begin arbitration. The American Arbitration Association (AAA) will arbitrate all disputes. For claims of less than $75,000, the AAA's Supplementary Procedures for Consumer-Related Disputes will apply; for claims over $75,000, the AAA's Commercial Arbitration Rules will apply. The AAA rules are available at www.adr.org or by calling 1-800-778-7879. Upon filing of the arbitration demand, we will pay all filing, administration and arbitrator fees for claims that total less than $75,000. For claims that total more than $75,000, the payment of filing, administration and arbitrator fees will be governed by the AAA Commercial Arbitration Rules. An arbitrator may award on an individual basis any relief that would be available in a court, including injunctive or declaratory relief and attorneys' fees. In addition, for claims under $75,000 as to which you provided notice and negotiated in good faith as required above before initiating arbitration, if the arbitrator finds that you are the prevailing party in the arbitration, you will be entitled to a recovery of reasonable attorneys' fees and costs. Except for claims determined to be frivolous, we agree not to seek an award of attorneys' fees in arbitration even if an award is otherwise available under applicable law.
CLASS ACTION WAIVER. WE EACH AGREE THAT ANY PROCEEDINGS, WHETHER IN ARBITRATION OR COURT, WILL BE CONDUCTED ONLY ON AN INDIVIDUAL BASIS AND NOT IN A CLASS OR REPRESENTATIVE ACTION OR AS A MEMBER IN A CLASS, CONSOLIDATED OR REPRESENTATIVE ACTION. If a court or arbitrator determines in an action between you and us that this Class Action Waiver is unenforceable, the arbitration agreement will be void as to you.
JURY TRIAL WAIVER. If a claim proceeds in court rather than through arbitration, WE EACH WAIVE ANY RIGHT TO A JURY TRIAL.
11 Term and Termination
Subject to this Section, this Agreement will remain in full force and effect while you use the Web site. We may (a) suspend your rights to use the Web site (as well as your Companies Account) or (b) terminate this Agreement, at any time for any reason at our sole discretion, including for any use of the Web site in violation of this Agreement or if we believe you are younger than 18. Upon termination of this Agreement, your Companies Account and right to access and use the Web site will terminate immediately. You understand that any termination of your Companies Account may involve deletion of any User Content you may have posted. Companies will not have any liability whatsoever to you for any termination of this Agreement, including for termination of your Companies Account, deletion of your User Content and cancellation of all eHot Cash and commission. You understand and agree that termination of your Companies Account will result in inability to redeem and/or earn eHot Cash and commission. Even after this Agreement is terminated, the following provisions of this Agreement will remain in effect: Sections 2.6, 3.2-3.4, 4, 5 and 7-13.
12 Intellectual Property
Companies respect the intellectual property of others and asks that users of our Web site do the same. Except as authorized in Section 3.1 of this Agreement, you are not permitted access or use of any of Companies’ Intellectual Property without our prior written consent or the consent of such third party that may own intellectual property with respect to Products displayed on the web site. In connection with our Web site, Products, and any services we offer, we have adopted and reasonably implemented a policy respecting copyright law that provides for the removal of any infringing materials and for the termination, in appropriate circumstances, of users of our Web site who are repeat infringers of intellectual property rights, including copyrights. If you believe that your work has been copied in a way that constitutes copyright infringement and wish to have the allegedly infringing material removed from our Web site, the following information in the form of a written notification (pursuant to 17 U.S.C. § 512(c)) must be provided to our designated Copyright Agent:
1. your physical or electronic signature;
2. identification of the copyrighted work(s) that you claim to have been infringed;
3. identification of the material on our services that you claim is infringing and that you request us to remove;
4. sufficient information to permit us to locate such material;
5. your address, telephone number, and e-mail address;
6. a statement that you have a good faith belief that use of the objectionable material is not authorized by the copyright owner, its agent, or under the law; and
7. a statement that the information in the notification is accurate, and under penalty of perjury, that you are either the owner of the copyright that has allegedly been infringed or that you are authorized to act on behalf of the copyright owner.
Please note that, pursuant to 17 U.S.C. § 512(f), any misrepresentation of material fact (falsities) in a written notification automatically subjects the complaining party to liability for any damages, costs and attorneys’ fees incurred by us in connection with the written notification and allegation of copyright infringement.
The designated Copyright Agent for Companies is:
iTouchless Housewares & Products, Inc.
Attn: Copyright/Legal
777 Mariners Island Blvd, Ste 125
San Mateo, CA 94404
Telephone: (650)578-0578
E-mail: copyright@iTouchless.net
13 General
13.1 Changes to Terms of Service. This Agreement is subject to occasional revision, and if we make any material changes we will post notice of the changes on our Web site. These changes will be effective immediately. Continued use of our Web site following notice of such changes shall indicate your acknowledgement of such changes and agreement to be bound by the any revision of these terms and conditions.
13.2 Governing Law. This Agreement shall be governed by the Federal Arbitration Act, applicable federal law, and the laws of the state in which you reside, without regard to the conflicts of laws rules of that state or any other state.
13.3 Entire Agreement. This Agreement constitutes the entire agreement between you and us regarding the use of the Web site and the purchase of any Products on our Web site. Our failure to exercise or enforce any right or provision of this Agreement shall not operate as a waiver of such right or provision. The section titles in this Agreement are for convenience only and have no legal or contractual effect. The word “including” means including without limitation. If any provision of this Agreement is, for any reason, held to be invalid or unenforceable, the other provisions of this Agreement will be unimpaired and the invalid or unenforceable provision will be deemed modified so that it is valid and enforceable to the maximum extent permitted by law. This Agreement, and your rights and obligations herein, may not be assigned, subcontracted, delegated, or otherwise transferred by you without Companies’ prior written consent, and any attempted assignment, subcontract, delegation, or transfer in violation of the foregoing will be null and void. The terms of this Agreement shall be binding upon assignees.
14 Offers, Promotions, Customer Credits, and eHot Cash
Companies may from time to time and in its sole discretion make available special offers and promotions to its members, including offers and promotions that provide an opportunity for members to receive eHot Cash, store credits, coupons, prizes, or benefits, (for example, referral credits ‘eHot Cash’ issued to members for referring others to Companies website and make non-refundable purchase). Any such offers and promotions will expire on the dates specified in the offer or promotion. eHot Cash, credits, coupons, prizes, or benefits shall specify the terms that apply to their use and redemption and those terms shall apply. eHot Cash, credits, coupons, prizes, and benefits may not be combined with any other offers or promotions. We reserve the right at any time with our discretion, and without prior notice, to discontinue any offer or promotion or to add or change offer and promotion terms or conditions, including changing expiration periods or credit values for existing or future credits. eHot Cash cannot accrue until or unless the referred customer completes a non-refundable purchase on the Web site and all other conditions of the relevant promotion have been met.
Companies validate each earning of eHot Cash along with its original transaction from which eHot Cash is earned. eHot Cash has no cash value before the validation period. eHot Cash can only be redeemed or spent on future purchases through eHot after the validation period.
eHot Cash are not transferable to other accounts and as such, eHot Cash do not constitute property and you do not have a vested property right or interest in the eHot Cash.
The amount of eHot Cash required to redeem for a check is subject to change at any time without notice.  Companies’ Member inquiries regarding eHot Cash ordered and not received must be received by Companies within 6 months after the initial redemption date. Thereafter, Companies will have no obligation to re-send check to the Member.
Companies reserve the right to adjust or reverse your eHot Cash balance due to any changes or cancellation of the transaction from which eHot Cash is earned. A pattern of making purchase transactions followed by cancellations is construed as purchasing fraud and could result in the termination of both your referee’s and your Companies Accounts.
eHot Cash will be subtracted from Member’s Companies Account once the redemption order is placed by the member and captured by the Companies system. Redeemed eHot Cash will not be reinstated to Member’s Companies Account.
Companies reserve the right to suspend or terminate the account of any user it believes is engaged in fraudulent, illegal, or inappropriate conduct in relation to any offers or promotions, including without limitation, using multiple user accounts or email addresses to meet promotion or offer requirements, using false names, impersonating others, or engaging in any other fraudulent or misleading conduct. You agree to forfeit any eHot Cash, credits, coupons, prizes, or benefits as a result of any fraudulent, illegal, or inappropriate conduct. Companies reserve the right to void any such cashes, credits, coupons, prizes or benefits granted if it suspects that these were derived in a fraudulent manner, a manner that violates this Agreement or the terms of the offer or promotion, or in a manner otherwise not intended by the Companies. In addition, any fraudulent, illegal, or inappropriate conduct in relation to any offers or promotions, may subject you to liability for civil and/or criminal penalties under applicable law. If Companies terminate your account, for any reason, any cash/credit balances in your account will be cancelled and all account privilege including eHot Cash will be revoked, except as prohibited by law. Account balances are determined by Companies and such determination is final.
Updated on November 18th, 2014
Contact Us
Shop iTouchless
My Account
Subscribe and Save
Promotions
Advanced Search
Customer Service
Product Registration
FAQ
Warranty Info
Contact Us
Merchant Inquiry
About Us
Company
Terms and Conditions
Privacy Notes
Social Media
Facebook
Pinterest
Twitter
Instagram
Youtube
Blog
Company Info
Call 1-844-660-7978Fax 1-650-578-1363
General: customersupport@itouchless.netMerchant Inquiry: join_merchant@ehot.com
Live Chat:
Monday - Friday 9AM - 5PM PST
Newsletter
Subscribe
iTouchless©2018 All Rights Reserved.
iTouchless® is a registered trademark of iTouchless Housewares & Products, Inc.
To top