https://www.funkyfurnitureandstuff.com/terms-of-service/
Terms of Service
HomeTerms of Service
Welcome to www.funkyfurnitureandstuff.com
These terms and conditions outline the rules and regulations for the use of www.funkyfurnitureandstuff.com’s Website.
www.funkyfurnitureandstuff.com is located at:
3696 Austell Rd SW , MariettaGA – 30008, U.S.A.
By accessing this website we assume you accept these terms and conditions in full. Do not continue to use www.funkyfurnitureandstuff.com’s website
if you do not accept all of the terms and conditions stated on this page.
The following terminology applies to these Terms and Conditions, Privacy Statement and Disclaimer Notice
and any or all Agreements: “Client”, “You” and “Your” refers to you, the person accessing this website
and accepting the Company’s terms and conditions. “The Company”, “Ourselves”, “We”, “Our” and “Us”, refers
to our Company. “Party”, “Parties”, or “Us”, refers to both the Client and ourselves, or either the Client
or ourselves. All terms refer to the offer, acceptance and consideration of payment necessary to undertake
the process of our assistance to the Client in the most appropriate manner, whether by formal meetings
of a fixed duration, or any other means, for the express purpose of meeting the Client’s needs in respect
of provision of the Company’s stated services/products, in accordance with and subject to, prevailing law
of U.S.A.. Any use of the above terminology or other words in the singular, plural,
capitalisation and/or he/she or they, are taken as interchangeable and therefore as referring to same.
Cookies
We employ the use of cookies. By using www.funkyfurnitureandstuff.com’s website you consent to the use of cookies
in accordance with www.funkyfurnitureandstuff.com’s privacy policy.
Most of the modern day interactive web sites
use cookies to enable us to retrieve user details for each visit. Cookies are used in some areas of our site
to enable the functionality of this area and ease of use for those people visiting. Some of our
affiliate / advertising partners may also use cookies.
License
Unless otherwise stated, www.funkyfurnitureandstuff.com and/or it’s licensors own the intellectual property rights for
all material on www.funkyfurnitureandstuff.com. All intellectual property rights are reserved. You may view and/or print
pages from https://www.funkyfurnitureandstuff.com for your own personal use subject to restrictions set in these terms and conditions.
You must not:
Republish material from https://www.funkyfurnitureandstuff.com
Sell, rent or sub-license material from https://www.funkyfurnitureandstuff.com
Reproduce, duplicate or copy material from https://www.funkyfurnitureandstuff.com
Redistribute content from www.funkyfurnitureandstuff.com (unless content is specifically made for redistribution).
Hyperlinking to our Content
The following organizations may link to our Web site without prior written approval:
Government agencies;
Search engines;
News organizations;
Online directory distributors when they list us in the directory may link to our Web site in the same
manner as they hyperlink to the Web sites of other listed businesses; and
Systemwide Accredited Businesses except soliciting non-profit organizations, charity shopping malls,
and charity fundraising groups which may not hyperlink to our Web site.
These organizations may link to our home page, to publications or to other Web site information so long
as the link: (a) is not in any way misleading; (b) does not falsely imply sponsorship, endorsement or
approval …
Recent Posts
Do You Need to Hire Professional House Cleaning Service?
Why You Need a Standby Generator
Guide to Choosing a Buyer’s Estate Advocate
A Buying Guide for a Variable Speed Pool Pump
Reasons to Buy a Pizza Oven
Pages
About Us
Contact
Facebook Demo – Customizer
Facebook Demo – Customizer
Instagram Demo – Customizer
Instagram Demo – Customizer
Privacy Policy
Terms of Service
Why You Should Install Security Cameras in Your Home
Popular Post
Tips for Buying the Best Showerhead
1 view
A Buying Guide for a Variable Speed Pool Pump
1 view
Tagsaicon
appliance
buyer's advocate
camera
concrete
cuisine
Desk
driveway
driveway construction
flooring
Furniture
generator
google
heater
home
home buying
home buying company
home inspections
improvement
inspection services
kitchen
Office
pool pump
reference
roof
roofing
roof repair
roof restoration
standby generator
store
tankless water heater
technology
variable speed pool pump
window
wire
Subscribe
Email
Find Us
Copyright © All rights reserved.
Privacy Policy |
Terms Of Service