https://www.joshuasjewelry.com/index.php?main_page=privacy
Log-In
0
- $0.00
Checkout
Product Selection
New Designer Items
Designer Rings
Designer Earrings
Designer Necklaces
Wedding Bands
Gold Wedding Bands
Best Selling Wedding Bands
Hand Braided Gold Bands
Designer Gold Bands
Hammered Gold Bands
Sandblasted Gold Bands
Carved Gold Bands
Light Wedding Bands
Personalized Wedding Bands
Celtic Wedding Bands
Religious Wedding Bands
Designer Yellow Gold Bands
Designer White Gold Bands
Designer Two Tone Bands
Designer Tri-Color Bands
Designer Rose Gold Bands
Plain Wedding Bands
Plain Classic Bands
Plain Comfort-Fit Heavy Bands
Plain Comfort-Fit Light Bands
Plain Milgrain Bands
Plain Milgrain Comfort-Fit Bands
Flat Bands
Knife Edge Bands
Diamond Wedding Bands
Designer White Gold
Designer Yellow Gold
Designer Two Tone Gold
Designer Tri-Color Gold
Gold Wedding Band Sets
Platinum Wedding Bands
Plain Platinum Wedding Bands
Designer Platinum Wedding Bands
Tungsten and Ceramic Bands
His & Hers Wedding Sets
Two Piece Wedding Sets
Three Piece Wedding Sets
Gold Wedding Band Sets
Diamond Solitaire Rings
Diamond Ring Enhancers
Bridal Ring Sets
Bridal 2-Piece Modern Sets
Bridal 3-Piece Ring Sets
Ladies Diamond Rings
Diamond Wide/Anniversary Bands
Diamond Bands
Diamond Engagement Rings
Diamond Eternity Bands
Illusion Engagement Rings
Diamond Fashion Rings
Diamond Promise Rings
Diamond Heart Rings
Diamond Cocktail Rings
Three Stone Diamond Rings
Black Diamond Jewelry
Black Diamond Bridal Rings
Black Diamond Fashion Rings
Black Diamond Earrings
Black Diamond Pendants
Blue Diamond Jewelry
Blue Diamond Bridal Rings
Blue Diamond Fashion Rings
Blue Diamond Earrings
Blue Diamond Pendants
Cognac Champagne Diamond Jewelry
Cognac Diamond Bridal Rings
Cognac Diamond Fashion Rings
Cognac Diamond Earrings
Cognac Diamond Pendants
Cognac Diamond Bangles
Red Diamond Jewelry
Red Diamond Rings
Red Diamond Earrings
Red Diamond Pendants
Diamond Bracelets
Diamond Bangles
Diamond Earrings
Diamond Cuff Earrings
Diamond Chandelier Earrings
Diamond Stud Earrings
Diamond Cluster Earrings
Diamond Heart Earrings
Diamond Fashion Earrings
Diamond Hoop Earrings
Diamond Pendants
Diamond Cross Pendants
Diamond Necklaces
Pearl Collection
Pearl Rings
Pearl Earrings
Pearl Pendants
Men's Diamond Jewelry
Men's Diamond Rings
Men's Tungsten Jewelry
Men's Tungsten Bands
Men's Tungsten Bracelets
Gemstone Jewelry
Gemstone Rings
Gemstone Pendants
Gemstone Earrings
Playboy Jewelry
Gift Wrapping - Gift Boxes
Request Our Catalog
Information
Customer Service
About Us
Log-In
Create Account
Shipping & Returns
Privacy Policy
Terms & Conditions
General Info
Site Map
Gift Certificate FAQ
Discount Coupons
Useful Links
Contact Us
0
- $0.00
Product Selection
New Designer ItemsWedding BandsHis & Hers Wedding SetsDiamond Solitaire RingsDiamond Ring EnhancersBridal Ring SetsLadies Diamond RingsBlack Diamond JewelryBlue Diamond JewelryCognac Champagne Diamond JewelryRed Diamond JewelryDiamond BraceletsDiamond BanglesDiamond EarringsDiamond PendantsDiamond Cross PendantsDiamond NecklacesPearl CollectionMen's Diamond JewelryMen's Tungsten JewelryGemstone JewelryPlayboy JewelryGift Wrapping - Gift BoxesRequest Our CatalogSpecials ...Featured Products ...
Reviews  [more]
The ring is very comfortable and really stylish! The three...
Featured  [more]
Three Piece Wedding Set 10K Yellow Gold 0.30 cts. GD-46893$349.99
Three Piece Wedding Set 10K Yellow
Gold 1.00 ct. GD-67118$719.99
Newsletter
Enter your email address to subscribe to our Newsletter.
HTML TEXT-Only
Testimonials
Wonderful Customer Service.. Great Product!!We just received our ring yesterday.. it was a complicated order but Jonathan went above and beyond to help with our short time frame. Thanks for...Read More ->VERY HAPPYThe order took a little longer than I expected due to unforseen issues, but it was well worth the wait. I LOVE IT !!! It looks like the picture and...Read More ->exqusite!We just received our hand braided bands and WOW! so much more than we expected, communication was great and super fast shipping, we chose Joshua's...Read More ->View All TestimonialsAdd A Testimonial
Home
Privacy Notice
Privacy Notice
This is the web site of Bridal Ring Shop
This Privacy Policy is applicable to this Site. If you do not agree with this Privacy Policy, please do not use this Site.
By accessing and using this Site, you hereby agree to the terms of this Privacy Policy.
We are committed to the protection of the privacy of its web site visitors. Please note that we do not provide statistics about our customers, sales, traffic patterns, and related site information to third-parties.
Our postal address is
Joshua's Jewelry Inc.
412 W. 6th Street, Suite 1215
Los Angeles, CA 90014
We can be reached via e-mail at sales@bridalringshop.com
Please note that while there are always risks associated with providing personal data, whether in person, by phone or over the Internet, and no system of technology is completely safe, "tamper" or "hacker- proof", Bridal Ring Shop has endeavored to take appropriate measures to prevent and minimize risks of unauthorized access to, improper use and the inaccuracy of your personal information. We use SSL Encryption with the strongest available Encryption to secure our customer's information.
For each visitor to our Web page, our Web server automatically recognizes only the consumer's domain name, but not the e-mail address (where possible).
We collect the domain name and e-mail address of visitors to our Web page, the e-mail addresses of those who communicate with us via e-mail or purchase from us are the only emails that we keep track of.
The information we collect is not shared with other organizations for commercial or any other purposes.
With respect to cookies: We do use cookies; without it shopping would not exist...
If you do not want to receive e-mail from us in the future, please let us know by sending us e-mail at the above address.
We do not make the e-mail addresses of those who access our site available to other reputable organizations.
We do not make our customer e-mail list available to other reputable organizations.
If you supply us with your postal address on-line you may receive periodic mailings from us with information on new products and services or upcoming events. If you do not wish to receive such mailings, please let us know by emailing us at the address provided above.
You will not receive mailings from other reputable companies.
Persons who supply us with their telephone numbers on-line will only receive telephone contact from us with information regarding orders they have placed on-line.
Persons who supply us with their telephone numbers on-line may receive telephone contact from us with information regarding new products and services or upcoming events. If you do not wish to receive such telephone calls, please let us know by sending us e-mail at the above address.
With respect to Ad Servers: We do partner with or have special relationships with other ad server companies. However we are not responsible for their actions.
From time to time, we may use customer information for new, unanticipated uses not previously disclosed in our privacy notice. If our information practices change at some time in the future we will post the policy changes to our Web site to notify you of these changes and provide you with the ability to opt out of these new uses. If you are concerned about how your information is used, you should check back at our Web site periodically.
Customers may prevent their information from being used for purposes other than those for which it was originally collected by emailing us at the address provided above.
Upon request we provide site visitors with access to contact information (e.g., name, address, phone number) that we maintain about them , a description of information that we maintain about them, no information that we have collected and that we maintain about them.
Bridal Ring Shop will on its own initiative, or at your request, replenish, rectify or erase any incomplete, inaccurate or outdated personal data retained by Joshua's Jewelry in connection with the operation of this Site.
Consumers can not access this information at all.
Upon request we offer visitors the ability to have inaccuracies corrected in their contact information.
With respect to security: Our Online Shop is fully secured for our buying customers so they can provide their credit card information as desired.
No information may be submitted to Bridal Ring Shop by persons under the age of 18, nor may persons under the age of 18 make purchases or other legal acts on this Site without such consent, unless permitted by applicable legislation.
We may change this Privacy Policy, or change, modify or withdraw access to this Site, or the content of these pages at any time with or without notice.
Back
Quick Links
Home
Featured
Specials
New Arrivals
Customer Service
Shipping and Returns
Contact Us
My Account
Discount Coupons
Newsletter Subscribe
Information
About Us
Customer Testimonials
Gift Certificate FAQ
Share and Connect
Copyright © 2020 Joshua's Jewelry.
Powered by WSC Cart.
Site Map
Privacy Policy
Terms & Conditions
Content
Congrats!You found a hidden coupon code.Use it with your purchase for a free gift.(Must purchase over $150, while supplies last.)