http://www.countrysidebooks.co.uk/pages/privacy-policy
0
Home
Books by Subject
Walking & Cycling
Pub Walks
Dog Walking Guides
Family Walks
Tea Room Walks
Historical Walks
Waterside Walks
Year Round Walks
Walking for Fitness
Cycling
Architecture & Heritage
Architectural Styles
British History
Heritage
Local History
Aviation
Railways
World War I
World War II
County History
London History
Nostalgia
Regional Dialect
Humour
Old County Tales
Crime & Mystery
True Crime
Haunted Britain
Ghosts & the Supernatural
Tales of Mystery & Murder
Books by Region
A-D
Bedfordshire
Berkshire
Bristol & Bath
Buckinghamshire
Cambridgeshire
Cheshire
Chilterns
Cornwall
Cotswolds
Cumbria
Derbyshire
Devon
Dorset
Durham
E-L
East Anglia
East Sussex
Essex
Gloucestershire
Hampshire
Herefordshire
Hertfordshire
Kent
Lake District
Lancashire
Leicestershire
Lincolnshire
London
M-R
Middlesex
New Forest
Norfolk
Northamptonshire
Northumberland
Nottinghamshire
Oxfordshire
Peak District
S-Z
Scotland
Shropshire
Somerset
South Downs
Staffordshire
Suffolk
Surrey
Thames Valley
Wales
Warwickshire
West Midlands
West Sussex
Wiltshire
Worcestershire
Yorkshire
About Us
Blog
Private Publishing
About Private Publishing
How It Works
Testimonials
0
Shopping Cart
Your cart is currently empty.
Continue Shopping
My Account
Welcome to Countryside Books!
Login
Create Account
Home
Privacy Policy
Privacy Policy
Summary
This website is owned by Countryside Books. Our goal is to offer products and services that will allow our customers to lead fuller, richer lives. The same holds for how we communicate with you and how we handle your personal data. It’s important to us that you understand what information we collect, how we protect it, and how we use it – and to provide clear instructions if you choose to request changes in how we communicate with you.
General Contact Information
Countryside Books
35 Kingfisher Court
Hambridge Road
Newbury
Berkshire, RG14 7SJ
info@countrysidebooks.co.uk
Personal Information
From time to time, you will be asked to submit personal information about yourself (e.g. name and email address etc.) in order to receive or use services on our website. Rest assured that we value your privacy highly. This information will only be used in connection with the service that required you to submit it and we will never give out your personal information to a third party for any reason whatsoever without your prior consent.
Information We Collect
Most of our services do not require any form of registration, allowing you to visit our website without telling us who you are. However, some services may require you to provide us with Personal Data. In these situations, if you choose to withhold any Personal Data requested by us, it may not be possible for you to gain access to certain parts of the website and for us to respond to your query.
Our service: We may collect personally identifiable information about you, such as your full name, phone number and email address, when you register for an account in order to post comments on our blog and when signing up to receive our newsletter. If you choose to purchase a product from us, we or our third-party payment processors will collect your payment information. We collect your email address in order to email you with your order details.
Information about your computer hardware and software: For each visitor to our website, our web server automatically recognizes your IP address. The address allows our server to deliver the information you request from us, such as an article or a form for posting to a discussion board. We also collect visitors’ IP addresses in their domain-name form, allowing us to understand for instance how many visitors access our website through various service providers. We collect this information on an individual basis and in aggregate, or combined, form. We also collect both user-specific and aggregate information on what pages visitors access or visit. We use the information to improve the content of our web pages and to customize the content and layout of our pages.
How We Use Your Information
We use the information that we collect to operate and maintain our website, send you marketing communications if you have requested them and respond to your questions when you email us with queries.
If at any time you provide us with your email address to place an order or access a service, we collect that information. Areas in which we may collect your email address include but are not limited to discussion boards; product or service transactions; emails you send us; and interactive forms. If you provide us with your email address, you may receive periodic promotional emails from us. You may also receive informational emails from us related to any user accounts you have set up with us, as well as administrative notices regarding the operation of the website. If you supply us with your postal address online, you may receive periodic mailings from us with information on new products and services.
About Cookies
When you enter this website your computer will automatically be issued with a cookie. Cookies in themselves do not identify the individual user, just the computer used. Many websites do this whenever a user visits their site in order to track traffic flows. Cookies from this site will no longer be stored on your computer once you have closed your browser.
The cookies on this site are only used to identify your computer to our server in order to do the following:
monitor which areas of the site you use during your visit so that we can assess which areas of the site are of most interest and plan future development accordingly.
record session information such as items that consumers add to their shopping cart.
provide online services which require information to be passed from page to page during the course of their execution.
You have the opportunity to set your computer to accept all cookies, to notify you when a cookie is issued, or not to receive cookies at any time. The last of these, of course, means that certain personalised services cannot then be provided to you.
Remarketing
Countryside Books also uses third party vendor re-marketing tracking cookies, including the Google Adwords tracking cookie. This means we will continue to show ads to you across the internet, specifically on the Google Content Network (GCN). As always we respect your privacy and are not collecting any identifiable information through the use of Google’s or any other third party remarketing system.
The third-party vendors, including Google, whose services we use – will place cookies on web browsers in order to serve ads based on past visits to our website. – Third party vendors, including Google, use cookies to serve ads based on a user’s prior visits to your website. This allows us to make special offers and continue to market our services to those who have shown interest in our service.
Google has additional information available about their Remarketing Privacy Guidelines and Policies
Opt Out: You may opt out of the DoubleClick cookie by visiting the Google advertising opt-out page or you may opt out of Google Analytics by visiting the Google Analytics opt-out page.
Double Click’s Remarketing Pixels: You may opt out of DoubleClick’s remarketing pixels, by visiting the DoubleClick opt-out page  or the Network Advertising Initiative opt-out page.
Finally, we keep any information volunteered by the consumer, such as survey information and/or site registrations, both in aggregate and personally identifiable ways.
How We Share Your Information
Personally Identifiable Information: Countryside Books will not sell your personally identifiable information to others. Any personally identifiable information you elect to make publicly available on our website, such as posting comments on our blog page, will be available to others. If you remove information that you have made public on our website, copies may remain viewable in cached and archived pages of our websites, or if other users have copied or saved that information.
We may share the information we collect on the website with our trusted partners, including but not limited to affiliates, marketing partners, and fulfilment or customer service agents.
We use a GDPR compliant third-party for our communication newsletters. They only store information you have consented to give, only for as long as you consent to give it.
Non-Personally Identifiable Information: We may share non-identifiable information (such as anonymous usage data, referring/ exit pages and URLs, platform types, number of clicks etc.) with interested third parties to help them understand the usage patterns for certain  Countryside Books services. Non-personally identifiable information may be stored indefinitely.
Analytics: To determine how many users visit our website and to better understand the areas of greatest interest to our visitors, we have relationships with other companies that compile this information for us. As a result of your visit to our site, web analytics companies may collect information such as your domain type, your IP address and clickstream information. For further information, consult the privacy policies of:
Google Inc. http://www.google.com/intl/en/privacy.html
Opting Out
If you do not wish to receive promotional emails from us, please let us know by using the opt-out response device that can be found at the bottom of every email we deliver or by emailing us at info@countrysidebooks.co.uk. To help us process your request, please include sufficient information for us to identify you in our records (your email address will suffice) and identify the Countryside Books products or services you have used and from whose mailing lists you wish to be removed. If you wish to be removed from all Countryside Books emailing lists, please indicate so in your request. Please allow a reasonable time for us to process your request.
If you do not wish to receive mail or telephone calls from us, please let us know by sending your request to: Countryside Books, 35 Kingfisher Court, Hambridge Road, Newbury, Berkshire, RG14 7SJ or email to info@countrysidebooks.co.uk. To help us process your request, please include sufficient information to allow us to identify you in our records (at a minimum, we will need your postal address to remove you from our mailing list, or your telephone number to remove you from our call list) and identify the Countryside Books products or services you have used and from whose mailing or call lists you wish to be removed. If you wish to be removed from all Countryside Books contact lists, please indicate so in your request. Please allow a reasonable time for us to process your request.
How We Protect Your Information
Countryside Books is concerned with protecting your privacy and data, but we cannot ensure or warrant the security of any information your transmit to Countryside Books or guarantee that your information may not be accessed, disclosed, altered or destroyed by breach of any of our industry standard physical, technical or managerial safeguards. When you enter sensitive information on our registration or order forms, we encrypt that information using secure socket layer technology (SSL). All areas of the Countryside Books website which involve your personal information or online payment processing use SSL encryption to keep your data safe.
No method of electronic storage is 100% secure, however. Therefore, we cannot guarantee its absolute security. If you have any questions about security on our website, you can contact us at info@countrysidebooks.co.uk. We use a credit card processing company to bill you if you purchase goods from us. This company does not retain, share or use personally identifiable information for any other purposes.
Data Retention
We only retain the Personal Data collected from a user for as long as the user’s account is active or otherwise for a limited period of time as long as we need it to fulfil the purposes for which we have initially collected it, unless otherwise required by law. We will retain and use information as necessary to comply with our legal obligations, resolve disputes, and enforce our agreements.
Access To Information
You have the right to request access to the information we have on you. You can do this by contacting us at info@countrysidebooks.co.uk. We will make sure to provide you with a copy of the data we process about you. In order to comply with your request, we may ask you to verify your identity.
We will fulfil your request by sending your copy electronically, unless the request expressly specifies a different method. For any subsequent access request, we may charge you with an administration fee.
Information Correction & Deletion
If you believe that the information we have about you is incorrect, you are welcome to contact us so we can update it and keep your data accurate. Any data that is no longer needed for the purposes specified in Information We Collect and How We Use Your Information will be deleted. If at any point you wish for Countryside Books to delete information about you, you can simply contact us at info@countrysidebooks.co.uk.
You can contact us at any time to:
Request access to information that Countryside Books has about you
Correct any information that Countryside Books has about you
Delete information that Countryside Books has about you.
If you have any additional questions about Countryside Books’ collection and storage of data please contact us at:
Countryside Books, 35 Kingfisher Court, Hambridge Road, Newbury, Berkshire, RG14 7SJ
info@countrysidebooks.co.uk.
Changes To This Policy
From time to time, we may use customer information for new, unanticipated uses not previously disclosed in our privacy notice. If our information practices change at some time in the future, we will post the policy changes to our Site. We will also provide you with the ability to opt out of these new uses.
The effective date of this policy is May 2018.
Customer Support
Contact Us
Returns
Shipping
Privacy Policy
Friends of Countryside Books
Terms & Conditions
Our Values
Sign Up For Our Newsletter
Be the first to know about new books and special promotions.
© 2020 Countryside Books | Shopify Theme by Mile High Themes | Powered by Shopify