http://www.hackleyhealthmanagement.com/privacy
Home
Privacy Policy
Privacy Policy
is committed to respecting your privacy and recognizes your need for appropriate protection and management of information you share with us.
In general, you can visit
without telling us who you are or revealing any personal information about yourself. We track the Internet address of the domains from which people visit us and analyze this data for trends and statistics, but the individual user remains anonymous.
INFORMATION COLLECTION At times we may request that you voluntarily supply us with personal information, such as your name, title, telephone number, email address and postal address, for purposes of corresponding with you regarding our products and services. You will have the option not to provide the information, and in the future you will be able to "opt out" of uses of the information.
INFORMATION USE We DO NOT share your personal information with other companies. If you choose to provide us this information we consider your information confidential and solely for the purpose of shopping at .
SECURITY We will take appropriate steps to protect the information you share with us from unauthorized access or disclosure. To prevent unauthorized access, maintain data accuracy, and ensure the appropriate use of information, we have put in place physical, electronic, and managerial procedures to safeguard and secure the information you provide to us online. However, while we strive to protect your personal information, we cannot ensure the security of the information you transmit to us. In this regard, we urge you to take every precaution to protect your personal data while you are on the Internet. At a minimum, we encourage you to change your passwords often, using a combination of letters and numbers, and make sure that you are using a secure browser as you surf the Internet.
COMMITMENT We are committed to privacy and the preservation of individual privacy rights on the Internet and in all aspects of electronic commerce. If you have a question specific to privacy, please contact us at .
Popular Tags
70
70+
Diet Shake
Shake
70
70+
View All Tags
Compare Products
You have no items to compare.
Like Us On Facebook
Customer Reviews
More Information
About Us
Success Stories
Health Articles
Frequently Asked Questions
Programs
Patient Support Materials
Recipes
Site Map
Contact Us
Notices & Disclaimers
|
Terms of Use
|
Privacy Policy
|
Shipping Disclaimer
|
HIPAA Privacy Policy
|
Returns Disclaimer: Due to the fact that these items are food products, they are non-refundable and cannot be returned. If you received an order that was incorrect, damaged, or have questions, please contact us via email, phone, or live chat. Thank you.