http://www.gro-nails.com/privacy-policy/
Privacy Policy
add share buttonsSoftshare button powered by web designing, website development company in India
Home
About Us
News
Contact
Privacy Policy
Gro Nails
Privacy Policy
If you require any more information or have any questions about our privacy policy, please feel free to contact us by email at admin@www.gro-nails.com.
At Gro Nails, the privacy of our visitors is of extreme importance to us. This privacy policy document outlines the types of personal information is received and collected by Gro Nails and how it is used.
Log Files
Like many other Web sites, Gro Nails makes use of log files. The information inside the log files includes internet protocol ( IP ) addresses, type of browser, Internet Service Provider ( ISP ), date/time stamp, referring/exit pages, and number of clicks to analyze trends, administer the site, track user’s movement around the site, and gather demographic information. IP addresses, and other such information are not linked to any information that is personally identifiable.
Cookies and Web Beacons
Gro Nails does use cookies to store information about visitors preferences, record user-specific information on which pages the user access or visit, customize Web page content based on visitors browser type or other information that the visitor sends via their browser.
These third-party ad servers or ad networks use technology to the advertisements and links that appear on Gro Nails send directly to your browsers. They automatically receive your IP address when this occurs. Other technologies ( such as cookies, JavaScript, or Web Beacons ) may also be used by the third-party ad networks to measure the effectiveness of their advertisements and / or to personalize the advertising content that you see.
Gro Nails has no access to or control over these cookies that are used by third-party advertisers.
You should consult the respective privacy policies of these third-party ad servers for more detailed information on their practices as well as for instructions about how to opt-out of certain practices. Gro Nails privacy policy does not apply to, and we cannot control the activities of, such other advertisers or web sites.
If you wish to disable cookies, you may do so through your individual browser options. More detailed information about cookie management with specific web browsers can be found at the browsers respective websites.
Categories
Nail and Cuticle Repair
Nails
Uncategorized
Latest News
The Role Of Car Insurance Broker When Dealing With Nail Salons
Cheap Car Insurance For Imported Vehicles Used By Nail Techs
Exactly How To Find The Right Ladies Nail Products and Fragrance
Aspects To Be Taken Into Consideration When Searching For Fragrances And Nail Products For Females
Nail Treatment Devices Available for Nails
Hand Cream and Nail Care With Aloe Vera
The Origins of Olive Oil and its Power on the Human Skin
Enhancing Body Care By Taking Care Of Our Nails
Body Care Essential Beauty Tips, Secrets, and Home Remedies
Make Your Hands And Body Look Beautiful And Young With Beauty Skin Care Products
The Importance of Utilising Argan and Perfume Oils for Body Revitilisation
High Costs of Hair and Body Care Maintanance
Sensitivity Levels of Most Beauty Care and Nail Products
The Procedures in Nail and Beauty Care Therapy
A Variety of Components to Comprise in Your Nail and Beauty Care Routine
Treatment Suggestions for Lengthy Natural Nails
The Therapy for Jagged Nails
Why businesses need the best retail merchandising system
Gro Nails in Search For The Best Insurance Company
Nail Protection Procedures
Nail Oils Used To Nourish Nails And The Cuticles
The Regular Maintenance Process Of Cracked Cuticles
Gro-nails looking for a
top digital advertising agency in South Africa
Go Nails Premise in search for av technicians
Financial Requirement and Business Protection For Nail Repair Businesses
PagesWelcome to Gro Nails
Contact
Privacy Policy
Categories
Nail and Cuticle Repair
Nails
Uncategorized
The Role Of Car Insurance Broker When Dealing With Nail SalonsThe role of a car insurance … [Read More...]
Return to top of pageCopyright © 2020
on Genesis Framework · WordPress · Log in