http://www.alkarbilliards.com/privacy-notice
Skip to main content
Grills & Smokers
Bar Stools
Patio Furniture
Hot Tubs & Spas
Swim Spas
Saunas & Steam
Pool Tables
Shuffleboards
All Product Categories
You are hereHome
Privacy Notice
Effective Date: June 7, 2018
Alkar Billiards ("Alkar Billiards", "we", "our", "us") values your privacy and endeavors to treat your personal information with due care and security. Our Privacy Policy sets forth the ways in which Alkar Billiards obtains and uses your personal information. Alkar Billiards reserves the right, without notice, to modify or eliminate all or a portion of this Privacy Policy at any time. By making use of the Alkar Billiards website or any Alkar Billiards product or service, you agree to the terms of the Privacy Policy in its ongoing form.
Alkar Billiards may collect information directly from you in order to provide products or services, to administer customer service assistance, or to fulfill any legal or regulatory requirements. Alkar Billiards may also obtain personal information as a result of a consumer's financial transactions using the Alkar Billiards product(s) or through a merchant that uses the Alkar Billiards products and/or services.
Alkar Billiards may store the information that you provide. This information may include, for example, your name, mailing address, e-mail address and telephone number, as well as certain interactive data such as the type of browser you use, the files you request, or the domain or IP address you use to access our website(s). If you supply us with personal data or request information from us, we may use your information to respond to your request.
Alkar Billiards limits access to your personal information to those Alkar Billiards employees that need the information in order to provide our products and services to you. We will disclose your information in response to a valid request issued by a court, government agency or regulatory authority.
When we have a direct customer relationship with you, we will strive to make information available to you about the general uses of the information we collect. Generally, we publish or link to this information on web pages at the point of sale, through privacy notices on our websites, and by other means specified by applicable state and federal laws.
When we obtain personal information as part of our direct relationship with you, we will not share this information with non-affiliated third parties, except in the following circumstances:
In accordance with the Alkar Billiards Privacy Policy
To facilitate and complete merchant-initiated or authorized transactions
To comply with federal, state, and local laws, including credit reporting laws and credit card association rules
To investigate fraud
Alkar Billiards employs industry-standard security measures to protect personal information collected against unauthorized access, disclosure, alteration or destruction. These measures may include, without limitation, encryption, restricted internal access, physical access security, and other technologies. Alkar Billiards continually reviews and enhances its security systems in an ongoing effort to provide safe and secure treatment of its data.
As a dealer for select brands, Alkar Billiards has an affiliation with the approved third-party, Core Integrated Marketing and may collect/track analytics in accordance with the Alkar Billiards privacy policy. Please review the Core Integrated Marketing privacy policy here and contact us with any questions.
We may use cookies to collect the non-personal information described above. A cookie is a small text file that may be stored on the hard drive of your computer when you access the Site. We may also use cookies to: (1) provide you with customized content and advertising; (2) monitor Site usage; and (3) conduct research to improve our content and services. You are free to decline cookies, but by doing so, you may not be able to use certain features on the Site or take full advantage of all of our offerings. Check the "Help" menu of your browser to learn how to change your cookie preferences.
We may use pixels collect Unique Data. We do not collect the following information that identifies your site traffic uniques’: name, address, email address, and telephone number (“Personally Identifiable Information” or “PII”) unless you choose to provide it to us. We do not combine the data we collect with this PII.
We do not direct the Site to, nor do we knowingly collect any personal information from, children under thirteen.
As part of its products and services, Alkar Billiards may create links to third-party websites. Alkar Billiards is not responsible for the content or privacy practices employed by third-party websites that are linked to our website, nor does Alkar Billiards control or warrant the utility, merchantability, or workmanship of the products or services offered at third-party websites. Before you supply your personal information to a third-party website, whether or not the third party is a merchant, client, or partner of Alkar Billiards, you should review and understand the applicable privacy policy for that website.
The examples contained in this Privacy Policy are illustrations only, and they are not intended to be all-inclusive. If your Alkar Billiards account is terminated for any reason or if you become an inactive customer, our Privacy Policy will continue to apply. If you are a merchant using the Alkar Billiards product(s) or service(s), this Privacy Policy applies to all accounts you may have with us, and it replaces all our previous disclosures to you about our information practices.
If you have any questions about the Alkar Billiards Privacy Policy, please contact us using one of the methods available on the "Contact Us" page of the Alkar Billiards website.
The Alkar Billiards Privacy Policy applies only to persons or companies making use of the Alkar Billiards website in the United States of America. To the extent allowed by law, the same terms and conditions hereof apply to non-U.S. parties. However, additional terms and conditions under international laws and cross-border credit card association regulations may apply.