http://www.tackletactics.co.nz/shop/terms/
Search
Sign In
Cart
Tackle Tactics Fishing & Marine
FOXTON ~ New Zealand
HomeShop
AccessoriesGiftsLineLongline FishingLures & JigsReady Made RigsRods Reels and RodholdersSinkers & MouldsTerminal TackleWhitebaitingMore Info
WebcamsFishing TipsKnotsOther LinksHelpTerms & ConditionsPrivacy PolicyCovid19 infoServicesContact
Terms & Conditions
Acceptance of terms
These terms and conditions govern all supply of goods and services ("products") by Tackle Tactics Ltd ("Tackle Tactics", "we, "us") to you, the purchaser of goods and services from us, including your use of the website at www.tackletactics.co.nz ("the website"). They are effective from 1st April 2020 and will replace all earlier Tackle Tactics Ltd terms of trade and any conditions contained in any document used by you and purporting to have contractual effect.
We reserve the right to change these terms of trade by notice to you. Notice may be given by posting the revised terms and conditions on our website.
To make a purchase from our online shop you must be 18 years of age or over.
Purchases from our online shop may only be made by persons who are acquiring goods or services for their own use or consumption, and you must not acquire goods from us via the website for resupply (whether in trade or otherwise).
If you are purchasing on behalf of another entity such as a company you warrant you have the authorisation to agree to these terms and conditions on behalf of the entity.
Compliance
The buyer agrees to be bound by, and comply with, these terms and conditions. In addition to these trading terms, there are terms and conditions that apply to the use of the site. The buyer agrees to comply with the terms of use.
The buyer agrees to comply with all relevant laws relating to your use of the site and the buyers placement of any order through the site.
Availability and supply
All orders are subject to the availability of those products or services. If for any reason a Product is not available, we will endeavour to notify the non-availability on our online shop.
If we reject an order placed through the Site, then we will endeavour to notify you of that rejection at the time you place the order or within a reasonable time after you submit your order.
Back orders
If we determine that we do not have a particular product in your order in stock, then we will use reasonable endeavors for 30 days to order the relevant product. In this instance, we will notify you of the relevant Back Ordered Products and the anticipated delivery date.
Delivery and delivery charges
Prices for goods and services stated on our website are exclusive of any applicable delivery charges.
We only deliver to New Zealand street addresses. The cost of delivery is as stated on our website and a total delivery cost will be provided in the order summary we in your online shopping basket. Please note we only ship to physical addresses - we do not ship to PO Boxes.
We will use all reasonable endeavours to ensure that orders for tangible goods will be dispatched promptly after an order has been placed.
Pricing
All prices are in New Zealand Dollars and are inclusive of any Goods and Services Tax ("GST") unless stated to be otherwise but are exclusive of delivery charges. All prices are correct when published. We reserve the right to alter prices at any time.
An invoice will be emailed to you at the email address you supply when you place your order. You are responsible for ensuring that your contact details are correct.
The purchase price of each product is shown on the product list on the site at the time you place your order. The purchase price of a product on the site may not be the same or correspond to the prices in our physical store for the same product and we are not obliged to match any prices.
Just like in our store, prices for products change from time to time and we do not provide any notice of these changes. Subject to these terms and conditions (and in particular, our Back Order Policy), once we have accepted your order, we will not change any prices that apply to the products in that order.
If you cancel an order then:
Providing we haven't already shipped it out to you, we will refund any amounts paid by you for that cancelled order.
Payment options
You may pay the fees and charges for an accepted order using the following payment methods:
Visa
Visa Debit
MasterCard
AMEX
Direct bank deposit
Time Payment – 4 easy interest free fortnightly payments using Afterpay or over 6 weekly interest free payments using Laybuy.
If we are unable to successfully process your credit card payment for your order that is accepted by us, then we may cancel your order.
If you choose to pay by credit card, you authorize us to debit the amount that is payable for an accepted order from your nominated credit card.
You must not pay, or attempt to pay, for products through any fraudulent or unlawful means
All prices quoted are in New Zealand Dollars (NZD).
All transactions will be charged in NZD
Credit Card Security
*All payments that are processed via PayPal's secure payments system to ensure high levels of payment security and are subject to PayPal's terms and conditions.
Click here to for PayPal's terms.
https://cms.paypal.com/nz/cgi-bin/marketingweb?cmd=_render-content&content_ID=ua/Legal_Hub_full&locale.x=en_US
Shipping and delivery
NEW ZEALAND CUSTOMERS
As from July 1st 2019 our standard shipping/courier fee is a flat $7.00 (unless otherwise stated on certain items) Delivery is usually between 1-3 days once the goods have been picked up by the courier (possibly longer for rural deliveries)
Once scanned by the courier you will be notified by email a tracking link.
If there are any delays Tackle Tactics Ltd will email you to advise and offer further options e.g. alternative product/s or a full refund.
We use NZ Couriers as our main delivery service.Signature is required by default unless you have arrangements with NZ Couriers in place.We do recommend signature requireds for high value orders. Neither NZ Couriers or Tackle Tactics Ltd are liable for parcels that are stolen, damaged or lost after an item has been delivered.
We will only deliver products ordered through the site to a location where we provide delivery services.
You may obtain further information on the site about our delivery timeframes and how we deliver certain products.
You agree to comply with certain delivery requirements specified below and such other requirements that we notify you when you place your order through the site.
We also recommend that you be present to accept the delivery of your order if you have paid by credit card.
We may require the person accepting the delivery of your order to:
Provide us with proof of that person's identity (including photographic identification) and, where relevant, age. If the order has been paid by credit card, then we may also ask you to show us the credit card for us to conduct our verification checks.
You:
Acknowledge and agree that any person at the delivery address who receives the products is authorised by you to receive your order.
As from 1st April 2020 Tackle Tactics Ltd no longer accepts orders from overseas and only accepts orders from New Zealand customers and delivery to New Zealand physical addresses only. (No PO Box addresses)
Our Returns Policy
(Change of Mind Returns)
*We do not have to provide a refund if you have changed your mind about a particular purchase, so please choose carefully.
If the goods are faulty, we will meet our obligations under the Consumer Guarantees Act to provide a remedy."
We cannot refund or exchange goods for change of mind or errors you made in your order.
*If the need arises, you are welcome to return the item if it is unused, in its original saleable condition and packaging, and with proof of purchase based on the following detailed terms:
returned within 20 days of order;
not used or worn (with original tags and/or packaging); and
not damaged in any way.
In original sealed packaging. We cannot accept change of mind returns on items that come in sealed packages or boxes where seals are damaged or broken. Any products returned without proper sealed packaging will be rejected under change of mind.
Shipping costs will not be refunded or charged.
Please note there may be a restocking fee incurred for special items that have been ordered in to fill the order.
If we allow a return in these circumstances, we will ask you to follow our returns process.
We may provide you with a product exchange or store credit only when we receive the returned product. You are responsible for payment of return postage on your order.
WARRANTY RETURNS
All freight incurred for any warranty claims or warranty returns are payable by customer.
It is normal business practice that goods be returned to place of purchase, or Wholesalers premises at the customers cost. If the claim is a warranty issue, then you will not have to pay the freight for the repaired or replaced goods to be returned back to you.
There are no exceptions to this proviso.
Liability Limitation
Where you acquire or hold yourself out as acquiring goods or services from us for the purposes of a business, the provisions of the Consumer Guarantees Act 1993 will not apply. The conditions, warranties and guarantees set out in the Sale of Goods Act 1908 or otherwise implied by statute or common law will not apply and are excluded from these terms of trade.
We will always endeavour to have complete and accurate information on our website but to the greatest extent permissible by law we assume no responsibility for the completeness and current accuracy of the information provided on our website.
To the greatest extent permissible by law, we exclude all liability we may have to you for any claim except where we have acted in bad faith. This exclusion also applies for the benefit of every officer, employee, contractor, agent of us and anyone else we use to perform our duties or provide services under any agreement you have with us. None of the persons specified above is liable or has to pay you for anything else in connection with or resulting from anything any of us does or does not do, or delays in doing, whether or not it is contemplated or authorised by any agreement you have with us. This exclusion applies whatever you are claiming for and in whatever way liability might arise. This exclusion does not limit any inalienable rights you may have under the Consumer Guarantees Act 1993.
Our maximum liability to you (if any) shall be limited to the value of any faulty products or services supplied by us and we, our employees, contractors and agents, will not be liable to you for loss or damage of any kind however that loss or damage is caused or arises.
Applicable law and jurisdiction
Unless we otherwise agree in writing, this agreement contains all the terms of our relationship and continues to apply no matter where you are located at the time any goods or services are provided to you by us and irrespective of the location where you reside.
Use of our website, supply of products or services by us to you and any other matter arising from these Terms and Conditions are subject to the laws of New Zealand. The Courts of New Zealand shall have non-exclusive jurisdiction over all claims or disputes arising in relation to, out of or in connection with these terms of trade, or with the use of website or supply of any services.
Where you or any other person who you act for, or who you permit to act for you supplies incorrect information for the purchase of a product or service and we incur cost in any matter concerning that name then we may recover the costs incurred by us from you (including legal costs on a solicitor-client basis).
You agree to use our website, products and services in accordance with the applicable laws of the country or countries where your business or organisation is based.
Privacy policy and Confidentiality
Unless you opt to receive messages from us we will not contact you again in future. If you have opted to receive ongoing communications and at a later date you no longer wish to receive these communications you will be able to opt out of receiving this information by contacting us by email or by following the unsubscribe instructions at the bottom of emails sent to you.
Opting out of receiving the above mentioned messages will not prevent the sending of messages that specifically relate to your order(s).
We may use personal information that we collect about you to provide products and services to you and to administer orders and payments relating to your purchases from us.
You will need to permit us to place data files ("cookies") on your computer to enable you to use some features of some of our websites. Where you choose not to enable cookies from our Website, some functionality of those Website may not be available to you.
We may disclose your personal information as required by law.
Where you have provided information to us on a confidential basis, we will hold that information in confidence, except as required by law. We cannot guarantee that our website is secure, and we cannot be held responsible for a breach of our website security that is beyond our control.
You can request details of your personal information that we hold, and ask us to correct it, at any time.
General Conditions
We reserve the right to change these terms and conditions from time to time by notice, which may be in the form of a notice posted on our website at https://www.tackletactics.co.nz.
If we fail to enforce any terms or to exercise our rights under these terms and conditions at any time, we have not waived those rights.
If any provision of these terms and conditions is held to be invalid or unenforceable for any reason, the remaining provisions shall remain in full force and effect and the parties shall adjust their respective rights and obligations in accordance with the spirit and intent of the parties as shown by these terms and conditions.
Unless any provision in this agreement expressly provides otherwise, these terms and conditions are not intended to confer a benefit on any person or class of person who is not a party to it.
We may deliver notices to you by sending them to an email address that you have notified to us.
HomeShopMore InfoServicesContact
Copyright Tackle Tactics © 2020
- dashboard
- Terms & Conditions
POWERED BY ROCKETSPARK
HomeShop
AccessoriesGiftsLineLongline FishingLures & JigsReady Made RigsRods Reels and RodholdersSinkers & MouldsTerminal TackleWhitebaitingMore Info
WebcamsFishing TipsKnotsOther LinksHelpTerms & ConditionsPrivacy PolicyCovid19 infoServicesContactBlogMy Account
Loading...
This product has been added to your cart
CONTINUE SHOPPING
CHECKOUT