https://www.shanore.com/privacy-policy.php#privacy
Home
Customer Service
Shanore Celtic Jewellery - Privacy Policy
Customer Service
About Shanore
Who We Are
Awards
Contact Us
Privacy Policy
FAQ's
Shipping & Delivery
Returns
Terms & Conditions
Customer Feedback
About Our Product
Tara's Diary Club
Diamond Certification
How Our Jewelry Is Made
How To Care For Jewelry
Ring Size Converter
Brochures
Stockists
Privacy Policy
Security
Security is our number one priority for our customers. All transactions are made on a secure server (https), which will encrypt and protect your information. This is guaranteed by the green lock icon located in the browser address bar.
Credit card numbers provided through our e-commerce facility are processed in an encrypted form (using SSL 128-bit encryption). This provides a high level of security protection for our customers.
We do not store any credit card details.
Data Protection Policy
This privacy statement discloses the privacy practices for ShanOre.com. We are committed to protecting your privacy and encourage you to periodically review this page to be informed of how we protect the information you disclose to us.
We maintain appropriate security standards and procedures in relation to the collection, use and retention of your information in order to prevent unauthorised access or disclosure. Your information is disclosed only to our employees, agents and representatives where absolutely necessary e.g. in order to ship your order to you by Fedex, we need to send Fedex your shipping address.
We do not collect any sensitive data about you. Sensitive data refers to data that includes details about your race or ethnicity, religious or philosophical beliefs, sex life, sexual orientation, political opinions, trade union membership, information about your health and genetic and biometric data.
Updating, Verifying and Deleting Personal Data
You may inform us of any changes in your Personal Data, and in accordance with our obligations under the Acts we will update or delete your Personal Data accordingly. To find out what Personal Data we hold on you or to have your Personal Data updated, amended or removed from our database, please send an email to info@shanore.com
Important notice: We will never ask you to send your credit card details by email. Nor will we ever send you an email with a link to a payment page. If you receive such an email, please do not click on the link to enter your credit card details, and please contact us to let us know.
If you believe that ShanOre.com is not abiding by our posted privacy policy, please email us at info@shanore.com.
Orders
We request information from the user on our order form when making a purchase. Here is where a user must provide their contact information, like name and shipping address, and financial information, like credit card number and expiration date. This information is used for billing purposes and to fill the customer's order. If we have difficulty processing an order, this contact information is used to communicate with the customer.
We do store some of your personal data like your name, email, and billing and shipping address. Your credit card details are collected and sent to our credit card processing company. However, we do NOT retain and store your credit card details.
Email Marketing
If a user wishes to subscribe to our catalog, newsletter etc., we ask for contact information such as name, and email address to provide these communications. Because we respect our users' privacy, we provide a way to opt-out of these communications.
Tell-A-Friend (Drop a hint)
If a user elects to use our referral service (Drop a hint) for informing a friend about an item, we ask them for the friend's name and email address. ShanOre.com will automatically send the friend a one-time email inviting them to visit the site. We will not store your friends email address.
Cookies
By continuing to use our site, you are agreeing to our use of cookies.
Our website collects data from you when you browse our website.
This cookie policy provides you with the necessary information about our use of cookies as required by the European Communities Regulations 2011.
Our website uses cookies to distinguish you from other users of our website. This helps us to provide you with a good experience when you browse and also allows us to improve the functionality of our site.
A cookie is a small file that we store on your browser or the hard drive of your computer, if you agree.
We use the following cookies on Shanore.com:
Strictly necessary cookies. These are cookies that are required for the operation of our website. They include, for example, cookies that enable the use of our shopping cart.
Analytical and performance cookies. They allow us to recognise and count the number of visitors and to see how visitors move around our website. This helps us to improve the way our website works, for example, by ensuring that users are finding what they are looking for easily.
Functionality cookies. These are used to recognise you when you return to our website.
You can choose to block cookies by activating the setting on your browser that allows you to refuse the setting of all or some cookies. However, if you use your browser settings to block all cookies (including essential cookies) you may not be able to access all or parts of our site.
Third-Party Links
Our website may include links to third-party websites. Clicking on those links or enabling those connections may allow third parties to collect or share data about you. We do not control these third-party websites and are not responsible for their privacy statements. When you leave our website, we encourage you to read the privacy notice of every website you visit.
Resources
The Data Protection Act
EU Legislation
Last updated: 12th June 2018