http://www.quinnflags.com/en_us/page/privacy-policy
HomePrivacy PolicyPrivacy Policy of QuinnQuinn operates the http://www.quinnflags.com website, which provides the SERVICE.This page is used to inform website visitors regarding our policies with the collection, use, and disclosure of Personal Information if anyone decided to use our Service, the Quinn website.If you choose to use our Service, then you agree to the collection and use of information in relation with this policy. The Personal Information that we collect is used for providing and improving the Service. We will not use or share your information with anyone except as described in this Privacy Policy.The terms used in this Privacy Policy have the same meanings as those used in our Terms and Conditions, which is accessible at http://www.quinnflags.com, unless otherwise defined in this Privacy Policy.Information Collection and UseFor a better experience while using our Service, we may require you to provide us with certain personally identifiable information, including but not limited to your name, phone number, and postal address. The information that we collect will be used to contact or identify you.Log DataWe want to inform you that whenever you visit our Service, we collect information that your browser sends to us called Log Data. This Log Data may include information such as your computer’s Internet Protocol ("IP") address, browser version, pages of our Service that you visit, the time and date of your visit, the time spent on those pages, and other statistics.CookiesCookies are files with a small amount of data that are commonly used as an anonymous unique identifier. These are sent to your browser from the website that you visit and are stored on your computer’s hard drive.Our website uses these "cookies" to collection information and to improve our Service. You have the option to either accept or refuse these cookies, and know when a cookie is being sent to your computer. If you choose to refuse our cookies, you may not be able to use some portions of our Service.Service ProvidersWe may employ third-party companies and individuals due to the following reasons:To facilitate our ServiceTo provide the Service on our behalfTo perform Service-related services; orTo assist us in analyzing how our Service is used. We want to inform our Service users that these third parties have access to your Personal Information. The reason is to perform the tasks assigned to them on our behalf. However, they are obligated not to disclose or use the information for any other purpose.SecurityWe value your trust in providing us with your Personal Information, thus we are striving to use commercially acceptable means of protecting it. But remember that no method of transmission over the Internet or method of electronic storage is 100% secure and reliable, and we cannot guarantee its absolute security.Links to Other SitesOur Service may contain links to other sites. If you click on a third-party link, you will be directed to that site. Note that these external sites are not operated by us. Therefore, we strongly advise you to review the Privacy Policy of these websites. We have no control over them, and assume no responsibility for the content, privacy policies, or practices of any third-party sites or services.Children’s PrivacyOur Services do not address anyone under the age of 18. We do not knowingly collect personal identifiable information from children under 18. In the case we discover that a child under 18 has provided us with personal information, we immediately delete this from our servers. If you are a parent or guardian and you are aware that your child has provided us with personal information, please contact us so that we will be able to complete all necessary actions.Changes to This Privacy PolicyWe may update our Privacy Policy from time to time. Thus, we advise you to review this page periodically for any changes. We will notify you of any changes by posting the new Privacy Policy on this page. These changes are effective immediately, after they are posted on this page.Contact UsIf you have any questions or suggestions about our Privacy Policy, do not hesitate to contact us at: networkoperations@quinnflags.comABOUT YOUR ORDER
Terms & Conditions
Terms of Sale & New Accounts
Privacy Policy
FAQ Help
EDUCATIONAL INFO
Print Quality Expectations
Flag Dictionary
Flag Care & Washing
Windspeed Chart For Flagpoles
UPS Shipping Zones
COMMON FAQ
How Long Will A Flag Last?
The Difference Between Single Reverse, Double Sided & Single Sided
What Flag Size Should I Use?
How Do I Fold An American Flag?
Flag Etiquette
GENERAL INFO
COVID-19 Update
Capabilities
Product Compliance
Testimonials
Company News
Sales Reps
Trade Show Schedule
Job Opportunities
Site Use Disclaimer
Copyright © 2018
Quinn Flags, Inc. All rights reserved