https://www.anyflag.com/privacy-policy.html
ACCOUNT CONTACT MY CART
Flags
American
Outdoor
Outdoor Flag Sets
Indoor
Indoor Flag Sets
Government Specification
Classroom
Handheld
Car Window
Vintage
American Historical Flags
Early American
Star Patterns
Confederacy
Civil War Confederate
Civil War Union
Miniature
Flags Over Texas
States & Cities
States
American Territories Flags
City & Municipal
Indoor Sets
Complete 50 State Flag Sets
International
Outdoor Country Flags
Complete Sets
Public Safety
Fire
Police
EMS
Desktop Flags
Historical Set
Executive Sets
State and Country Sets
Table Bases
Home & Garden
Flags
Banners
Banner Hardware
Sports Flags and Banners
NFL
MLB
College
Olympic
Golf
Nautical Flags
Courtesy Flags
Ensigns
Storm Warning
Officers Flags
International Code of Signals
Jolly Roger
Nautical Novelty
Nautical Messages
Religious / Church Flags
Israel (Zion)
Christian
Papal
Episcopal
Methodist
Presbyterian
Church of Christ
Buddhist
Military Flags and Banners
Support Our Troops
Historical
Service Star
General Officers
Desktop
Flag Cases & Covers
Grave Markers
POW-MIA
Honor & Remember
Branch
Conflict
Division
Business
Attention
Custom
Message
Tall
Swooper
Wind Dance
Hotel Flags
Corporate
ISO Certification
Car Dealerships
Street Banners
Pennant Strings
School Air Quality Program
Flag Poles
Indoor
Flagpoles
Floor Stands
Ornaments
Guidon Poles
Lead Parade Banners Poles
Accessories
Mounting Sets
Outdoor
Residential In Ground
Residential House Mounted
Residential House Mounted Hardware
Collapsible Portable
Commercial In Ground
Nautical
Vertical Wall Mount
Outrigger Wall Mount
In Ground Hardware
Lighting
Display
Frames
American Flag
Army
Air Force
Marine Corps
Navy
Coast Guard
POW-MIA
Fire Fighter
Police
EMS
Decorations
U.S. Flag Pennant Strings
12 ft. Cotton U.S. Flag Garland
U.S. Flag Plastic Pennant Strings
Bunting
U.S. Flag Pattern Bunting
Pulldowns
Half Fan Flats Stripes Only
Half Fan Flats with Stars
3 x 8 ft. Patriotic Flats with Stars
5 x 3 ft. Welcome Banners
Windsocks
50 Star Nylon American Windsock
Vintage Designs
The Heritage Series American Flag
The Heritage Series American Banner
The Heritage Series American Banner Set
The Heritage Series Betsy Ross Flag
The Heritage Series Betsy Ross Banner
The Heritage Series Betsy Ross Banner Set
The Heritage Series Mini Fan
The Heritage Series Full Fan
The Heritage Series Pull Down
The Heritage Series Betsy Ross Garden Flag
The Heritage Series Betsy Ross Boxed Set
Fan & Fan Drapes
Nylon Full Fans with Stars
Nylon Full Fans without Stars
Cotton Full Fans with Stars
Cotton Full Fans without Stars
Nylon All Star Full Fan
Polyester Pleated Americana Full Fan
Poly-Cotton Illusion Full Fans
Nylon 4th of July Full Fan
Nylon Red White Blue Full Fan
Nylon Black and Purple Full Fans
Pleated Fan Drapes
Pleated Fan Drapes
Pleated Fan Drapes
Half Fans with Stars
Half Fans without Stars
Cotton Center Panel Welcome Eagle
Cotton Center Panel Welcome
Cotton Center Panel Welcome Firefighters
Accessories
Decals
Vinyl American Decals
Assorted American Decals
Vinyl State Decals
Reflective State Decals
Oval State Decals
State Seal Decals
State Stickers
Texas State Decals
Historical Decals
Historical Stickers
Vinyl Military Decals
Vinyl Country Decals
Reflective Country Decals
Oval Country Decals
Oval Country Motto Decals
Oval Country Friendship Decals
Country Coat of Arms Decals
Canada Province Decals
Assorted Vinyl Decals
Embroidered Patches
American Flag Embroidered Patches
Military Embroidered Patches
State Flag Embroidered Patches
Country Flag Embroidered Patches
Historical Flag Embroidered Patches
Hats
View all Hats
Specials
More...
Home
About Us
Gifts
Blog
Contact Us
Home/
Policies
Policies
Show/Hide Page Outline
Our Policies:
Copyright
Privacy Notice
Secure Server SSL - Secure Sockets Layer
Financial Information via Telephone
E-mail Correspondence
Visitor's Comments, etc.
Site Access
Liability
Indemnification
Service Refusal
Policy Changes
Copyright
All content included on this site, such as text, graphics, logos, button icons, images, data compilations, and software, is the property of our corporate parent Best Flags, Incorporated ("Best Flags, Inc."). The compilation of all content on this site is the exclusive property of Best Flags, Inc. and protected by United States and international copyright laws. All software used on this site is the property of Best Flags, Inc. or its software supplies and protected by United States and international copyright laws. By making them available on this site, Best Flags, Inc. is not granting you any license to utilize those proprietary logos, service marks, or trademarks. Any unauthorized use of the Content may violate copyright laws, trademark laws, the laws of privacy and publicity, and civil and criminal statutes.
Privacy Notice
While we cannot guarantee that unauthorized access will never occur, rest assured that we take great care in maintaining the security of your personal information and in preventing unauthorized access to it through the use of appropriate technology and internal procedures. We do not rent, sell, share or otherwise distribute any personal information from our customers to any other third party. Our site uses an order form for customers to request information, products, and services. We collect contact information and financial information which is used for the sole purpose of completing the business transaction.
Secure Server SSL - Secure Sockets Layer
The Personal Customer Information you provide -- including your credit card information -- to establish an account with us and to make purchases from us is secured using Secure Sockets Layer (SSL) encryption technology. We use this SSL technology to prevent such information from being intercepted and read as it is transmitted over the Internet. The encrypted data goes to a secure site where your information is stored on restricted-access computers located at restricted-access sites.
Financial Information via Telephone
If you still do not wish to provide your financial information, we are more than happy to obtain your information via alternate methods. If you would like to submit your order online, please fill out the order form completely except for the credit card section. Then in the 'Comments' section, please type, "Call for credit card number" and provide a valid telephone number. When we're ready to process your order, we will give you call for the needed financial information. If more convenient, please give us a call on our business line or fax. We are here answering phones Monday - Friday, 8:30 am-4:30 pm PST. If we are unavailable, please leave a detailed voice message.
E-mail Correspondence
We correspond often using Electronic Mail (E-mail). Unfortunately, our E-mail is not encrypted so we must notify our visitors that confidential information (financial information, etc.) would best be transmitted via our secure server, business phone line, or fax. If you do see your credit card number included in an E-mail, all but the last 4 digits will be erased. As always, we try our hardest to protect our customer's privacy but we cannot guarantee unauthorized access will never occur.
Visitor's Comments, etc.
Visitors may post reviews, comments, and other content; and submit suggestions, ideas, comments, questions, or other information, so long as the content is not illegal, obscene, threatening, defamatory, invasive of privacy, infringing of intellectual property rights, or otherwise injurious to third parties or objectionable and does not consist of or contain software viruses, political campaigning, commercial solicitation, chain letters, mass mailings, or any form of "spam." You may not use a false e-mail address, impersonate any person or entity, or otherwise mislead as to the origin of your communication and other content. If you do post content or submit material, and unless we indicate otherwise, you grant Best Flags, Inc. and its affiliates a nonexclusive, royalty-free, perpetual, irrevocable, and fully sub licensable right to use, reproduce, modify, adapt, publish, translate, create derivative works from, distribute, and display such content throughout the world in any media. You grant Best Flags, Inc. and its affiliates and sub licensees the right to use the name that you submit in connection with such content, if they choose. You represent and warrant that you own or otherwise control all of the rights to the content that you post; that the content is accurate; that use of the content you supply does not violate this policy and will not cause injury to any person or entity; and that you will indemnify Best Flags, Inc. or its affiliates for all claims resulting from content you supply.
Site Access
Best Flags, Inc. grants you a limited license to access and make personal use of this site and not to download or modify it, or any portion of it, except with express written consent of Best Flags, Inc.. This license does not include any resale of commercial use of this site or its contents; any collection and use of any product listings, descriptions, or prices; any derivative use of this site or its contents; and downloading or copying of account information for the benefit of another merchant; or any use of data mining, robots, or similar data gathering and extraction tools. This site or any portion of this site may not be reproduced, duplicated, copied, sold, resold, visited, and to otherwise exploit for any commercial purpose without express written consent of Best Flags, Inc.. Any unauthorized use terminates the permission or license granted by nonexclusive right to create a hyperlink to the home page and all other affiliated pages of Best Flags, Inc. so long as the link does not portray offensive matter. You may not use any Best Flags, Inc. logo or other proprietary graphic or trademark as part of the link without express written permission.
Liability
YOUR USE OF THIS SITE IS AT YOUR OWN RISK. THIS SITE (INCLUDING ALL CONTENT AND FUNCTIONS MADE AVAILABLE ON OR ACCESSED THROUGH THIS SITE) IS PROVIDED "AS IS." TO THE FULLEST EXTENT PERMISSIBLE BY LAW, WITH REGARD TO THE CONTENT ON THIS SITE, BEST FLAGS, INC. MAKES NO REPRESENTATIONS OR WARRANTIES OF ANY KIND WHATSOEVER (1) FOR THE ACCURACY, MERCHANTABILITY, FITNESS FOR A PARTICULAR PURPOSE, OR NON-INFRINGEMENT OF ANY CONTENT PUBLISHED ON OR AVAILABLE THROUGH THE SITE; (2) THAT THE SERVER THAT MAKES THIS SITE AVAILABLE IS FREE OF VIRUSES OR OTHER COMPONENTS THAT MAY INFECT, HARM, OR CAUSE DAMAGE TO YOUR COMPUTER EQUIPMENT OR ANY OTHER PROPERTY WHEN YOU ACCESS, BROWSE, DOWNLOAD FROM, OR OTHERWISE USE THE SITE.
Under no circumstances shall Best Flags, Inc. or any other party involved in creating, producing, or distributing Best Flags, Inc. be liable for any direct, indirect, incidental, special, or consequential damages that result from the use of or inability to use Best Flags, Inc., including but not limited to reliance by a User on any information obtained from Best Flags, Inc. or that result from mistakes, omissions, interruptions, deletion of files or email, errors, defects, viruses, delays in operation or transmission, or any failure of performance, whether or not resulting from acts of God, communications failure, theft, destruction, or unauthorized access to Best Flags, Inc. records, programs, or services. User hereby acknowledges that this paragraph shall apply to all content, merchandise, and services available through Best Flags, Inc.. Because some states do not allow the exclusion or limitation of liability for consequential or incidental damages, in such states liability is limited to the fullest extent permitted by law.
Indemnification
In using this web site and our services, we ask you to agree to indemnify, defend, and hold Best Flags, Inc. and all of its agents, directors, employees, information providers, licensors and licensees, officers, and parent (collectively the "Indemnified Parties"), harmless from and against any and all liability and costs (including, without limitation, attorneys' fees and costs), incurred by the Indemnified Parties in connection with any claim arising out of any breach by you of these Terms and Conditions of Use or the foregoing representations, warranties, and covenants. We ask that you will cooperate as fully as reasonably required in Best Flags, Inc.'s defense of any claim. Best Flags, Inc. reserves the right, at its own expense, to assume the exclusive defense and control of any matter otherwise subject to indemnification by you and you shall not in any event settle any matter without the written consent of Best Flags, Inc..
Service Refusal
WE RESERVE THE RIGHT TO REFUSE SERVICE TO ANYONE AT ANY TIME FOR ANY REASON.
Policy Changes
Best Flags, Inc. may add to, change, or remove any part of these Terms and Conditions of Use at any time, without notice. Any changes to these Terms and Conditions of Use or any terms posted on this site apply as soon as they are posted. By continuing to use this site after any changes are posted, you are indicating your acceptance of those changes. Best Flags, Inc. may add, change, discontinue, remove, or suspend any other content posted on this site, including features and specifications of products described or depicted on the site, temporarily or permanently, at any time, without notice and without liability.
Join Our Newsletter Receive the latest news on new promotions, exclusive offers, and new arrivals.
Unsubscribe
JOIN
Copyright © Best Flags Inc. 2020