http://www.cruisingguides.com/privacy-policy
Cruising Guides
Shop
Our Guides
Cruising Guides
Diving Guides
Travel Guides
Nautical Books
Charts
Island Novels
Coffee Table Books
Cookbooks
Gifts & Gear
Bundles
Destinations
The West Indies
The Virgin Islands
The Leeward Islands
The Windward Islands
Planning
Cruise Planning Logistics
Weather Routing
Island Navigation
Travel Planning
Weather
Communications
Provisioning
Safety & Health
Charter
Destinations
Bareboat Or Fully Crewed
Am I Qualified
Catamaran or Monohull, Power or Sail
Selecting A Charter Company
What to Expect
Resources
Oceans & Islands
Saving the Coral Reefs
Sea Turtles
The Invasion of the Lionfish
Underwater & Island Ecology
Blog
Dominica Needs Help
CGP Top 5 Things to do with kids on a BVI charter vacation
The First Time BVI Charter
Exploring the Virgin Islands Part I: Sailing to Anegada
Five New Years Resolutions for 2014
Adventurer or Colonist: Columbus & the Islands of the Caribbean
Tony Snell and The Spitfire Troubadour
The Boat Builders of The Virgin Islands
Cruising Guides in the age of Google. Still Relevant?
Bahamian Artist Barefoot Contessa
Five Favorite Anchorages of the Windward Islands
Five Favorite Leeward Anchorages
The Abaco Islands
Elephants in the Gulf Stream
Privacy Policy
Search this site:
Account Login
Username: *
Password: *
Create new account
Request new password
Find Us On...
Recent Posts
BVI Approved Mooring Sites for Quarantining
BVI Exclusion Zone
BVI Reopens To Visitors December 1
2020 Cruising Guide to the Virgin Islands updates
How to help in the wake of Hurricane Dorian
Home
Privacy Policy
Please note, due to the COVID-19 pandemic there are international mail service suspensions in various countries. Before placing a non-U.S. order, please contact us to verify available shipment to your country.
This Privacy Policy governs the manner in which Cruising Guide Publications collects, uses, maintains and discloses information collected from users (each, a "User") of the www.CruisingGuides.com website ("Site"). This privacy policy applies to the Site and all products and services offered by Cruising Guide Publications.
Personal identification information
We may collect personal identification information from Users in a variety of ways, including, but not limited to, when Users visit our site, register on the site, place an order, subscribe to the newsletter, fill out a form, and in connection with other activities, services, features or resources we make available on our Site. Users may be asked for, as appropriate, name, email address, mailing address, phone number, credit card information. Users may, however, visit our Site anonymously. We will collect personal identification information from Users only if they voluntarily submit such information to us. Users can always refuse to supply personally identification information, except that it may prevent them from engaging in certain Site related activities.
Non-personal identification information
We may collect non-personal identification information about Users whenever they interact with our Site. Non-personal identification information may include the browser name, the type of computer and technical information about Users means of connection to our Site, such as the operating system and the Internet service providers utilized and other similar information.
Web browser cookies
Our Site may use "cookies" to enhance User experience. User's web browser places cookies on their hard drive for record-keeping purposes and sometimes to track information about them. User may choose to set their web browser to refuse cookies, or to alert you when cookies are being sent. If they do so, note that some parts of the Site may not function properly.
How we use collected information
Cruising Guide Publications may collect and use Users personal information for the following purposes:
- To improve customer service Information you provide helps us respond to your customer service requests and support needs more efficiently.
- To personalize user experience We may use information in the aggregate to understand how our Users as a group use the services and resources provided on our Site.
- To improve our Site We may use feedback you provide to improve our products and services.
- To process payments We may use the information Users provide about themselves when placing an order only to provide service to that order. We do not share this information with outside parties except to the extent necessary to provide the service.
- To run a promotion, contest, survey or other Site feature To send Users information they agreed to receive about topics we think will be of interest to them.
- To send periodic emails We may use the email address to send User information and updates pertaining to their order. It may also be used to respond to their inquiries, questions, and/or other requests. If User decides to opt-in to our mailing list, they will receive emails that may include company news, updates, related product or service information, etc. If at any time the User would like to unsubscribe from receiving future emails, we include detailed unsubscribe instructions at the bottom of each email or User may contact us via our Site.
How we protect your information
We adopt appropriate data collection, storage and processing practices and security measures to protect against unauthorized access, alteration, disclosure or destruction of your personal information, username, password, transaction information and data stored on our Site.
Sensitive and private data exchange between the Site and its Users happens over a SSL secured communication channel and is encrypted and protected with digital signatures. Our Site is also in compliance with PCI vulnerability standards in order to create as secure of an environment as possible for Users.
Sharing your personal information
We do not sell, trade, or rent Users personal identification information to others. We may share generic aggregated demographic information not linked to any personal identification information regarding visitors and users with our business partners, trusted affiliates and advertisers for the purposes outlined above.We may use third party service providers to help us operate our business and the Site or administer activities on our behalf, such as sending out newsletters or surveys. We may share your information with these third parties for those limited purposes provided that you have given us your permission.
Changes to this privacy policy
Cruising Guide Publications has the discretion to update this privacy policy at any time. When we do, we will post a notification on the main page of our Site, revise the updated date at the bottom of this page. We encourage Users to frequently check this page for any changes to stay informed about how we are helping to protect the personal information we collect. You acknowledge and agree that it is your responsibility to review this privacy policy periodically and become aware of modifications.
Your acceptance of these terms
By using this Site, you signify your acceptance of this policy. If you do not agree to this policy, please do not use our Site. Your continued use of the Site following the posting of changes to this policy will be deemed your acceptance of those changes.
Contacting us
If you have any questions about this Privacy Policy, the practices of this site, or your dealings with this site, please contact us at: Cruising Guide Publications www.CruisingGuides.com Cruising Guide Publications 1130-B Pinehurst Road Dunedin, FL 34698 727-733-5322 info@cruisingguides.com
This document was last updated on January 24, 2014
Useful Links
Home
About Us
Contact Us
Discounts
Media
Privacy Policy
Shipping and Returns Practices
app FAQ
User Login