https://www.tomsmomscookies.com/website-user-privacy-and-policies/
#6 (no title)CartCheckoutShipping AddressesHomeMy AccountShipping AddressesDark Chocolate with Peppermint ChunksWebsite User Privacy and PoliciesShippingFAQAbout UsArea ResourcesAwards & RecognitionFeatured Products & SpecialsShare the LoveContact UsSign Up for eNews
Cookie Shop
My Account
FAQ
About Us
Area Resources
Awards
What's New
Share the Love
Contact Us
Menu
Cookies and Privacy
This site uses temporary “Cookies” to store limited information that’s required to provide you with a consistent user experience. We don’t store personally identifying or other sensitive information in these Cookies and these Cookies are erased when you close your Web Browser unless otherwise stated when you click “Show more”.
If you’re on a public computer, be sure to close all Web Browsers when you’re done!
Additional Privacy Information
GDPR: The EU GDPR legislation obligates us to tell you how we use information you supply through this Website. We intentionally limit the information we ask you to supply to what is absolutely necessary to provide the service you request. Unless otherwise stated, we don’t share any supplied information with any other person or organization other than as required and as authorized by you. Payment related information you supply will only be used to complete a transaction and will not be stored on our systems.
ACCESS LOGS: We retain access logs entries for a certain period of time for the sole purpose of ensuring security of our systems and compliance of acceptable use by users of this site. We don’t share log entries with anyone unless obligated to do so by way of a lawful request from a law enforcement agency or court with appropriate jurisdiction.
PERMANENT COOKIES: This Website may use “Permanent Cookies” that are retained by your Web Browser. This type of Cookie is used to help you when you return to this Website at a later time. If you’re using a public computer, be sure to delete all cookies before closing the Browser.
TRACKING: We may track where you go within this site. This helps us provide you with relevant information and to evaluate how we may improve the site. We don’t share this tracking information with anyone unless otherwise stated here.
SHARED TRACKING: This site may contain third-party shared tracking features. These features may collect and share tracking information with affiliatedwWebsites and advertisers to help them provide you with more relevant information. This site may also contain third-party shared tracking features that permit a third-party to collect and report traffic statistics to the owner of this site. We don’t permit shared tracking to include personal information of any user.
HTTPS: This Website uses the secure “HTTPS” protocol for all pages and content. This makes it very difficult for anyone who may tap into Internet traffic to read what you submit and what is being sent back to you. If you feel that the possibility of someone intercepting information you submit or knowledge of the pages you access presents a significant risk to you, please don’t use this Website.
LOGGED IN USERS: We don’t store passwords you use to log in as plain text, instead they’re encrypted before being stored in our systems. When you enter that password again to log in, we encrypt that and match it to the encrypted password that had been stored. There is no way to decrypt the stored passwords, but it may be possible for others to guess simple passwords. You should always use more complex passwords that don’t include words or names people would associate with you. You should also try to avoid using the same password for everything you log into and should not make those passwords easily accessible to anyone else.
FORMS: Personal information requested in forms on this site is limited to what is required to provide you with the information and services you request. Please don’t provide additional personal information in these forms that is not requested. If you are uncomfortable with submitting any requested information, please call or write to us directly using the address and phone numbers on this site. We don’t supply any of the information you provide to any other individual or organization unless you check a box in the submission form specifically authorizing us to do so.
PAYMENT INFORMATION: We only use the payment information you provide to complete a paid transaction. We don’t retain any payment information beyond that point. If you check a box asking us to store credit card or similar information for future use, we pass that request on to the credit card processing service and they store that information on their systems. All we store on our systems is a “token” that can only be used to process another authorized transaction on your behalf through this Website with the same credit card processing service.
If you have any questions or would like additional information, please contact us using the following information.
Award WinningOur cookies get people talking!
What's NewFeature products & specials!
#TomsMomsCookiesShare your cookie love!
Cookie Shop
subscribe
for special offers
Subscribe
Name*Email*
NameThis field is for validation purposes and should be left unchanged.
Produced by Gaslight Media
•
Copyright © 2020
•
All Rights Reserved