https://www.skross.com/en/privacy-statement
Travel Adapters
Premium World Travel Adapter
World Travel Adapters
Country Travel Adapters
Accessories
Chargers & Power Banks
USB Chargers
Power Banks
Cables
About SKROSS®
SKROSS®
History
Help Center
News
Contact
en
de
fr
Travel Planner
Find the correct travel adapter for your next trip!
Privacy Statement
WorldConnect knows that you care how personal data about you is used and shared. We appreciate your trust and handle your personal data with great care. This notice describes our privacy policy. By visiting www.skross.com, you are accepting the practices described in this Privacy Notice.
With this Data Protection Statement we, the companies of the Noventa Gruppe (Noventa Group AG, Noventa AG, Noventa (Thailand) Co., Ltd.; Noventa Romania S.R.L., Noventa Tooling AG, Noventa Consulting AG, WorldConnect AG) (hereinafter together we or us), describe how we collect and further process personal data. This Data Protection Statement is not necessarily a comprehensive description of our data pro-cessing. It is possible that other data protection statements or General Terms and Conditions, Conditions of Participation or similar documents are applicable to specific circumstances.
The term "personal data" in this Data Protection Statement to shall mean any information that identifies, or could reasonably be used to identify any person.
If you provide us with personal data of other persons (such as family members, work colleagues), please make sure the respective persons are aware of this Data Protection Statement and only provide us with their data if you are allowed to do so and such personal data is correct. This Data Protection Statement is in line with the EU General Data Protection Regulation (GDPR). Although the GDPR is a regulation of the European Union (EU), it may be relevant for us. The Swiss data protection legislation (FADP) is heavily influenced by the law of the European Union. In addition, companies outside of the European Union or the European Economic Area (EEA) must comply with the GDPR in certain cases.
We are therefore obliged to inform you which personal data is collected or used. With the following data protection statement, we would like to show you how we handle your personal data and how you can contact us.
1. Data Protection Officer / Representative
Responsible for the data processing in the sense of the GDPR and other national data protection laws of the EU member states as well as other data protection regulations is:
WorldConnect AG
Werkstrasse 12a
9444 Diepoldsau
Switzerland
Email: dataprotection@worldconnect.ch
unless otherwise stated in the individual case. If you have any concerns regarding data protection, please let us know at the contact address above.
2. Collection and Processing of Personal Data
We primarily process personal data that we obtain from our clients and other business partners as well as other individuals in the context of our business relationships with them or that we collect from users when operating our websites, apps and other applications.
Insofar as it is permitted to us, we obtain certain personal data from publicly accessible sources (e.g., debt registers, land registries, commercial registers, press, internet) or we may receive such information from affiliated companies of Noventa Gruppe, from authorities or other third parties.
Apart from data you provided to us directly, the categories of data we receive about you from third parties include, but are not limited to, information from public registers, data received in connection with administrative or court proceedings, information in connection with your professional role and activities (e.g., in order to conclude and carry out contracts with your employer), information about you in correspondence and discussions with third parties, credit rating information (if we conduct business activities with you personally), information about you given to us by individuals associated with you (family, consultants, legal representatives, etc.) in order to conclude or process contracts with you or with your involvement (e.g. references, your delivery-address, powers of attorney), information regarding legal regulations such as anti-money laundering and export restrictions, bank details, information regarding insurances, our distributors and other business partners for the purpose of ordering or delivering services to you or by you (e.g., payments made, previous purchases), information about you found in the media or internet (insofar as indicated in the specific case, e.g. in connection with job applications, media reviews, marketing/sales, etc.), your address and any interests and other socio-demographic data (for marketing purposes), data in connection with your use of our websites (e.g., IP address, MAC address of your smartphone or computers, information regarding your device and settings, cookies, date and time of your visit, sites and content retrieved, applications used, referring website, localization data).
3. Purpose of Data Processing and Legal Grounds
We primarily use collected data in order to conclude and process contracts with our clients and business partners, in particular in connection with the delivery of products and services to our clients and the procurement of products and services from our suppliers and subcontractors, as well as in order to comply with our domestic and foreign legal obligations. You may be affected by our data processing in your capacity as an employee of such a client or business partner.
In addition, in line with applicable law and where appropriate, we may process your personal data and personal data of third parties for the following purposes, which are in our (or, as the case may be, any third parties') legitimate interest, such as:
providing and developing our products, services and websites, apps and other platforms, on which we are active;
communication with third parties and processing of their requests (e.g., job applications, media inquiries);
review and optimization of procedures regarding needs assessment for the purpose of direct customer approach as well as obtaining personal data from publicly accessible sources for customer acquisition;
advertisement and marketing (including organizing events), provided that you have not objected to the use of your data for this purpose (if you are part of our customer base and you receive our advertisement, you may object at any time and we will place you on a blacklist against further advertising mailings); this also refers to our newsletter which we send out with the help of the program “MailChimp”
market and opinion research, media surveillance;
asserting legal claims and defense in legal disputes and official proceedings;
prevention and investigation of criminal offences and other misconduct (e.g. conducting internal investigations, data analysis to combat fraud);
ensuring our operation, including our IT, our websites, apps and other appliances;
video surveillance to protect our domiciliary rights and other measures to ensure the safety of our premises and facilities as well as protection of our employees and other individuals and assets owner by or entrusted to us (such as e.g. access controls, visitor logs, network and mail scanners, telephone recordings);
acquisition and sale of business divisions, companies or parts of companies and other corporate transactions and the transfer of personal data related thereto as well as measures for business management and compliance with legal and regulatory obligations as well as internal regulations.
If you have given us your consent to process your personal data for certain purposes (for example when registering to receive newsletters or carrying out a background check), we will pro-cess your personal data within the scope of and based on this consent, unless we have another legal basis, provided that we require one. Consent given can be withdrawn at any time, but this does not affect data processed prior to withdrawal.
4. Cookies / Tracking and Other Techniques Regarding the Use of our Website
We typically use "cookies" and similar techniques on our websites and apps, which allow for an identification of your browser or device. A cookie is a small text file that is sent to your computer and automatically saved by the web browser on your computer or mobile device, when you visit our website or install our app. The cookies enable the recognition of the browser. The files are used to help the browser to navigate through the online offer and to be able to use all functions fully.
If you revisit our website or use our app, we may recognize you, even if we do not know your identity.
Besides cookies that are only used during a session and deleted after your visit of the website ("session cookies"), we may use cookies in order to save user configurations and other information for a certain time period (e.g., two years) ("permanent cookies"). Notwithstanding the foregoing, you may configure your browser settings in a way that it rejects cookies, only saves tem for one session or deletes them prematurely.
Most browsers are preset to accept cookies. We use permanent cookies for the purpose of saving user configuration (e.g., language, country, browser settings, automated log in). If you block cookies, it is possible that certain functions (such as, e.g., language settings, shopping basket, ordering processes) are no longer available to you.
In accordance with applicable law, we may include visible and invisible image files in our newsletters and other marketing e-mails. If such image files are retrieved from our servers, we can determine whether and when you have opened the e-mail, so that we can measure and better understand how you use our offers and customize them. You may disable this in your e-mail program, which will usually be a default setting.
By using our websites, apps and consenting to the receipt of newsletters and other marketing e-mails you agree to our use of such techniques. If you object, you must configure your browser or e-mail program accordingly or uninstall the app, should the respective setting not be available.
Web analysis service (Google Analytics / Universal Analytics)
We may use Google Analytics or similar services on our website. These are services provided by third parties, which may be located in any country worldwide (in the case of Google Analytics Google LLC is in the U.S., www.google.com) and which allow us to measure and evaluate the use of our website (on an anonymized basis). For this purpose, permanent cookies are used, which are set by the service provider. The service provider does not receive (and does not retain) any personal data from us, but the service provider may track your use of the website, combine this information with data from other websites you have visited and which are also tracked by the respective service provider and may use this information for its own purposes (e.g. to controlling of advertisements). If you have registered with the service provider, the service provider will also know your identity. In this case, the processing of your personal data by the service provider will be conducted in accordance with its data protection regulations. The service provider only provides us with data on the use of the respective website (but not any personal information of you).
Social Media Plug-ins
In addition, we use plug-ins from social networks such as Facebook, Twitter, Youtube, Pinterest or Instagram on our websites. This is visible for you (typically based on the respective symbols). We have configured these elements to be disabled by default. If you activate them (by clicking on them), the operators of the respective social networks may record that you are on our website and where on our website you are exactly and may use this information for their own purposes. This processing of your personal data lays in the responsibility of the respective operator and occurs according to its data protection regulations. We do not receive any information about you from the respective operator.
Use of Google Maps
We use Google Maps to display maps and to create directions. Google Maps is operated by Google Inc., 1600 Amphitheatre Parkway, Mountain View, CA 94043, USA. By using this online service, you consent to the collection, processing and use by Google, its agents and third parties of data (including IP address) that is automatically collected and entered by you. The terms of use for Google Maps can be found under the following link: https://policies.google.com/terms?hl=de&gl=ch Further details on transparency and choices as well as data protection regulations can be found in the google.de data protection centre: https://policies.google.com/privacy?hl=de&gl=ch
5. Datatransfer and Transfer of Data Abroad
In the context of our business activities and in line with the purposes of the data processing set out in Section 3, we may transfer data to third parties, insofar as such a transfer is permitted and we deem it appropriate, in order for them to process data for us or, as the case may be, their own purposes. In particular, the following categories of recipients may be concerned:
our service providers (within the Noventa Group or externally, such as e.g. banks, insurances), including processors (such as e.g. IT providers);
dealers, suppliers, subcontractors and other business partners;
clients;
domestic and foreign authorities or courts;
the media;
the public, including users of our websites and social media;
competitors, industry organizations, associations, organizations and other bodies;
acquirers or parties interested in the acquisition of business divisions, companies or other parts of the Noventa Group;
other parties in possible or pending legal proceedings;
affiliates of the Noventa Group;
together Recipients.
Certain Recipients may be within Switzerland but they may be located in any country worldwide. In particular, you must anticipate your data to be transmitted to any country in which the Noventa Group is represented by affiliates, branches or other offices as well as to other countries in Europe and the USA where our service providers are located (such as Microsoft).
If we transfer data to a country without adequate legal data protection, we ensure an appropriate level of protection as legally required by way of using appropriate contracts (in particular on the basis of the standard contract clauses of the European Commission) or binding corporate rules or we rely on the statutory exceptions of consent, performance of contracts, the establishment, exercise or enforcement of legal claims, overriding public interests, published personal data or because it is necessary to protect the integrity of the persons concerned. You can obtain a copy of the mentioned contractual guarantees at any time from the contact address under Section 1 above insofar they are not available under the aforementioned link. However, we reserve the right to redact copies for data protection reasons or reasons of secrecy or to produces excerpts only.
6. Retention Periods for your Personal Data
We process and retain your personal data as long as required for the performance of our contractual obligation and compliance with legal obligations or other purposes pursued with the processing, i.e. for the duration of the entire business relationship (from the initiation, during the performance of the contract until it is terminated) as well as beyond this duration in accordance with legal retention and documentation obligations. Personal data may be retained for the period during which claims can be asserted against our company or insofar as we are otherwise legally obliged to do so or if legitimate business interests require further retention (e.g., for evidence and documentation purposes). As soon as your personal data are no longer required for the abovementioned purposes, they will be deleted or anonymized, to the extent possible.
7. Data Security
We have taken appropriate technical and organizational security measures to protect your personal data from unauthorized access and misuse such as internal policies, training, IT and network security solutions, access controls and restrictions, encryption of data carriers and transmissions, inspections.
8. Obligation to Provide Personal Data To Us
In the context of our business relationship you must provide us with any personal data that is necessary for the conclusion and performance of a business relationship and the performance of our contractual obligations (as a rule, there is no statutory requirement to provide us with data). Without this information, we will usually not be able to enter into or carry out a contract with you (or the entity or person you represent). In addition, the website cannot be used unless certain information is disclosed to enable data traffic (e.g. IP address).
9. Use of Profiling
In establishing and carrying out a business relationship, we generally do not use any fully au-tomated individual decision-making («Profiling», such as pursuant to article 22 GDPR). Should we use such procedures in certain cases, we will inform you separately on this and advise you of your relevant rights if required by law.
10. Your Rights
In accordance with and as far as provided by applicable law (as is the case where the GDPR is applicable), you have the right to access, rectification and erasure of your personal data, the right to restriction of processing or to object to our data processing in addition to right to receive certain personal data for transfer to another controller (data portability).
Please note, however, that we reserve the right to enforce statutory restrictions on our part, for example if we are obliged to retain or process certain data, have an overriding interest (insofar as we may invoke such interests) or need the data for asserting claims. If exercising certain rights will incur costs on you, we will notify you thereof in advance. We have already informed you of the possibility to withdraw consent in Section 3 above. Please further note that the exercise of these rights may be in conflict with your contractual obligations and this may result in consequences such as premature contract termination or involve costs. If this is the case, we will inform you in advance unless it has already been contractually agreed upon.
In general, exercising these rights requires that you are able to prove your identity (e.g., by a copy of identification documents where your identity is not evident otherwise or can be verified in another way). In order to assert these rights, please contact us at the addresses provided in Section 1 above.
In addition, every data subject has the right to enforce his/her rights in court or to lodge a complaint with the competent data protection authority.
11. Amendments of this Data Protection Statement
We may amend this Data Protection Statement at any time without prior notice. The current version published on our website shall apply. If the Data Protection Statement is part of an agreement with you, we will notify you by e-mail or other appropriate means in case of an amendment.
We use cookies to ensure that we give you the best experience on our website. By continuing to browse the site, you agree to the use of cookies. For more information, please read our
data protection act.
Accept