http://www.santaletters.org/privacy
Home
What do you get
Faq
Contact
Toys For Tots
X
Order Package
What Comes In The Package
FAQ
Contact
Toys For Tots
Privacy Policy
This is the privacy policy ("Privacy Policy") for the Web site located at https://santaletters.org
(the "Site") made available by North Pole Post Office LLC, the legal owner of the Site
("santaletters.org," "we," "us" or "our"). This Privacy Policy sets forth our policies regarding the
collection, use and disclosure of certain information relating to your use of the Site. Your use of
this Site signifies your understanding and acceptance of the terms of this Privacy Policy.
We are committed to protecting the privacy of our customers, which is why we do not sell or rent any
personal identifiable information regarding our customers to any third party. We hope the policy
below will answer your questions regarding how we treat information gathered from visitors to our
Site. If you have questions or concerns regarding this Privacy Policy or wish to exclude your
Personal Information from our direct marketing purposes, please feel free to contact us
at support@santaletters.org or by writing to us North Pole Post Office LLC, 325 S Santa Claus
Ln, North Pole, AK 99705.
This Privacy Policy will be continuously assessed against new technologies, business practices and
our customers’ needs. As we update and diversify our products and services, this Privacy
Policy may evolve. Please check this page for updates periodically. If we make any material changes
to this Privacy Policy, we will notify you by email or by prominent notice on our homepage prior to
the changes taking effect. Your use of the Site following any posted changes to the Privacy Policy
indicates your acceptance of such changes.
By providing any Personal Information (as defined below) to this Site, you fully understand and
unambiguously consent to the collection and processing of such information in the United States in
accordance with this Privacy Policy.
What Information We Collect
In order to process your order efficiently, we collect the following information: name, billing
address, shipping address, e-mail address, phone number, and credit card number ("Personal
Information") when you place an order with us. Under certain circumstances we may also collect a
user’s IP address (i.e., the Internet number associated with your specific computer); for
example if we suspect that credit card fraud may have occurred. We also may periodically conduct
surveys of visitors to our Site. This helps us better understand what our customers would like to
see from us. We use this information for internal marketing research purposes. We may contact you if
you responded to a survey for more information, but only if you have told us that you don’t
mind being contacted.
With respect to emails that you may receive from us, we capture data related to the opening,
click-through and sales conversion process. This information is used for internal review and
analysis only.
We may choose to post customer testimonials on our web site which may contain personal information
such as the customer's name. We do obtain the customer's consent prior to posting the testimonial to
post their name along with their testimonial.
If you use a bulletin board, blog, or chat room on this website, you should be aware that any
personal information you submit there can be read, collected, or used by other users of these
forums, and could be used to send you unsolicited messages. We are not responsible for the personal
information you choose to submit in these forums. To request removal of your personal information
from our blog or community forum, contact us at support@santaletters.org. In some cases,
we may not be able to remove your personal information, in which case we will let you know if we are
unable to do so and why.
Use of Information that You Provide
We collect Personal Information only for the purposes of fulfilling orders, providing a high level of
customer service, gaining knowledge internally regarding what our customers want and mailing
circulars and special offers (collectively, "Information Usage Purposes"). We do not sell Personal
Information and we do not disclose Personal Information to any other party, except as set forth in
this Privacy policy.
Import Contacts: You can import contacts from your Outlook or other email account address book to
invite them to become members of our website. We collect the username and password for the email
account from which you wish to import your contacts, and will only use your personal information for
that purpose.
SMS
You understand that we have the right to utilize any cellular telephone number you provide to send Short
Message Service ("SMS") and/or other recurring marketing text messages, only after opting in (by
clicking on a designated text box) via any of our websites or emails, as reflected in and subject to
the Terms, which is incorporated by reference.
If you elect to receive text messages from santaletters.org, santaletters.org will use your information to provide you promotional offers and other marketing text messages. These messages may use information automatically collected based on your actions while on the santaletters.org website. To the extent you opt to have SMS notifications sent directly to your mobile device, santaletters.org may receive and store information about your mobile device. Your consent to receive text messages from santaletters.org is subject to this Privacy Policy and santaletters.org Terms and Conditions. You may opt-out of receiving text messages at any time by replying STOP to any text messages you receive.
Sharing of Your Information With Our Partners
We may share your Personal Information with our employees and with companies acting as our authorized
agents or partners in providing our service or co-branded services (e.g., credit card processing and
customer and support services – i.e.; Constant Contact) to you and for Information Usage
Purposes. These companies agree to use such Personal Information only for such specified purposes.
Each partner must agree to implement and maintain reasonable security procedures and practices
appropriate to the nature of your Personal Information in order to protect your Personal Information
from unauthorized access, destruction, use, modification or disclosure.
Upon request we will provide you with information about whether we hold any of your personal
information. We go to great lengths to maintain accurate personal information. To update/correct any
of your collected personal information, you may make the changes on our member login page or by
emailing us at support@santaletters.org or call us via phone at: 1-888-919-3394. We will
respond to your request for access within a reasonable timeframe.
We will retain your information for as long as your account is active or as needed to provide you
services. If you wish to cancel your account or request that we no longer use your information to
provide you services contact us at support@santaletters.org. We will retain and use your
information as necessary to comply with our legal obligations, resolve disputes, and enforce our
agreements.
Release of Information to Protect Our Site and Others
In certain situations, we may be required to disclose personal data in response to lawful requests by
public authorities, including to meet national security or law enforcement requirements. We reserve
the right to disclose your personal information as required by law and when we believe that
disclosure is necessary to protect our rights and/or comply with a judicial proceeding, court order,
or legal process served on our Web site.
Change of Ownership
If we are involved in a merger, acquisition, or sale of all or a portion of its assets, you will be
notified via email and/or a prominent notice on our Web site of any change in ownership or uses of
your personal information, as well as any choices you may have regarding your personal information.
How to Opt-out
We ask that you tell us when you do not wish to receive periodic e-mails from us. We will only send
e-mail for customer service purposes and to those visitors who have indicated that they wish to
receive other types of e-mail from us. If at any time you wish to stop receiving e-mail from us, you
can always remove your name from our mailing list by sending an e-mail
to support@santaletters.org stating that you wish to unsubscribe and indicating in the
subject line of the e-mail "NO E-MAIL".
If at any time you do not want to receive offers and/or circulars from us, you can always remove
yourself from our mailing list by sending an e-mail to support@santaletters.org ,
indicating "NO SNAIL MAIL" in the subject line along with your name, address and zip code.
Security of the Information You Provide
Among our top priorities is keeping your Personal Information secure. We use Secure Sockets Layer
(SSL) technology to encrypt all of your Personal Information before it is transmitted to us.
Encrypted information cannot be read or recorded as it travels over the Internet. You can tell you
are sending information securely by the unbroken key icon or closed lock icon that should appear at
the bottom of your Internet browser's window (depending on what browser you use). These icons will
appear when you are placing an order on our Site. In addition, you will see our Site address change
slightly, from http: to https: indicating a secure server connection is being used. The computers
that store your Personal Information are located in a separate facility which employs the latest in
firewall and security technology. We employ these procedures to protect your Personal Information
from unauthorized access, destruction, use, modification or disclosure.
Your Personal Information will be stored and processed on our computers in the United States. The
laws on holding Personal Information in the United States may vary and be less stringent than laws
of your state or country. We will use commercially reasonable efforts to hold and transmit your
Personal Information in a safe, confidential and secure environment. If you object to your Personal
Information being transferred or used in this manner please do not register with or use the Site.
ALTHOUGH WE WILL TAKE (AND REQUIRE OUR THIRD-PARTY PROVIDERS TO TAKE) REASONABLE SECURITY PRECAUTIONS
REGARDING YOUR PERSONAL INFORMATION COLLECTED FROM AND STORED ON THE SITE, BECAUSE OF THE OPEN
NATURE OF THE INTERNET, WE CANNOT GUARANTEE THAT ANY OF YOUR PERSONAL INFORMATION STORED ON OUR
SERVERS, OR TRANSMITTED TO OR FROM A USER, WILL BE FREE FROM UNAUTHORIZED ACCESS. ACCORDINGLY, WE
DISCLAIM ANY LIABILITY FOR ANY THEFT OR LOSS OF, UNAUTHORIZED ACCESS OR DAMAGE TO, OR INTERCEPTION
OF ANY DATA OR COMMUNICATIONS. BY USING THE SITE, YOU ACKNOWLEDGE THAT YOU UNDERSTAND AND AGREE TO
ASSUME THESE RISKS.
Tracking Technologies
We and our partners use technologies such as cookies or similar technologies to analyze trends,
administer the website, track users’ movements around the website, and to gather demographic
information about our user base as a whole. Users can control the use of cookies at the individual
browser level.
We use Local Storage such as HTML5, to store content information and preferences. Third parties with
whom we partner to provide certain features on our website or to display advertising based upon your
web browsing activity also use HTML5 to collect and store information. Various browsers may offer
their own management tools for removing HTML5.
Log files
As is true of most websites, we gather certain information automatically and store it in log files.
This information may include Internet protocol (IP) addresses, browser type, Internet service
provider (ISP), referring/exit pages, operating system, date/time stamp, and/or clickstream data.
We partner with a third party to either display advertising on our website or to manage our
advertising on other sites. Our third party partner may use technologies such as cookies to gather
information about your activities on this website and other sites in order to provide you
advertising based upon your browsing activities and interests.
Use of Information in Contests.
Occasionally, we may run a promotion such as a contest, and you will be given the opportunity to
enter by filling out an entry form. Your entry information will be used for the immediate purpose of
notification in connection with the sweepstakes or contest, in the event you win, and sometimes
address information may be used to verify identity. If you choose to enter such a promotion, you may
also have the opportunity to consent to receive future communications from us. Since we value your
privacy, you will always have the opportunity to stop such communications by opting-out, as detailed
above.
Intended Users - Use By Children
All products available for sale on the website are intended to be purchased by adults.
We do not knowingly collect personal information from children under 13 years of age. We will
promptly delete information provided by a child. Simply contact us at support@santaletters.org.
Links to Other Web Sites
The Site may also contain links to other Web sites and advertising. The privacy policies of other Web
site operators or advertisers may significantly differ from our Privacy Policy. We urge you to
contact third-party Web site operators or advertisers directly if you have any questions or concerns
about their data collection or privacy policies. WE ASSUME NO RESPONSIBILITY OR LIABILITY FOR ANY
THIRD-PARTY WEB SITE OPERATORS’ OR ADVERTISERS’ DATA COLLECTION PRACTICES OR THEIR
FAILURE TO ABIDE BY THEIR PRIVACY POLICIES.
Social Media Widgets
Our Web site includes Social Media Features, such as the Facebook Like button and Widgets, such as
the Share this button or interactive mini-programs that run on our site. These Features may collect
your IP address, which page you are visiting on our site, and may set a cookie to enable the Feature
to function properly. Social Media Features and Widgets are either hosted by a third party or hosted
directly on our Site. Your interactions with these Features are governed by the privacy policy of
the company providing it.
Your Acceptance of These Terms
By using our Site, you agree to the terms and conditions of this Privacy Policy. Make sure you read
this Privacy Policy carefully, because if you do choose to use our Site, you automatically agree to
this Privacy Policy. If you do not agree to this Privacy Policy, please do not use our Site. We
reserve the right, at our discretion, to change, modify, add, or remove portions of this Privacy
Policy at any time. If this Privacy Policy changes in the future, we will let you know by posting
the new Privacy Policy on our Site or by sending an email to our opt-in list. Please check this Web
page periodically for changes. Your continued use of our Site following the posting of changes to
these terms and conditions will mean you accept the changes contained in the latest published
Privacy Policy.
Any questions about our Privacy Policy should be directed to:
North Pole Post Office LLC 325 S Santa Claus Ln North Pole, AK 99705
Privacy|Terms and Conditions|FAQ|Contact Us|Affiliate Signup
325 S. Santa Claus Lane North Pole, AK 99705