http://www.mrsolar.com/privacy-policy/
Search
Categories
Solar Panels
All Solar Panels
Solar Panels By Wattage
All Solar Panels By Wattage
10W to 20W
Under 10W
25W to 30W
40W to 55W
60W to 80W
85W to 100W
110W to 150W
180W to 200W
235W to 265W
Over 270W
Solar Panels By Manufacturer
All Solar Panels By Manufacturer
LONGi Solar
Mission Solar
Panasonic Solar
Peimar
Power Up
Q Cells
Solaria
Solarland®
Trina Solar
Value Line Solar
Ameresco Solar
Canadian Solar
Online Solar
Solartech Power
SolarWorld
Solarever
Topoint
Grid-Tie Solar Panels
Solar Power Systems & Kits
All Solar Power Systems & Kits
Grid-Tie Solar Power Systems
Off-Grid Solar Power Systems
All Off-Grid Solar Power Systems
Remote Power Systems
Small Remote Power System Kits
Solar Sign Lighting Kits
Pole Mount Industrial Solar Kits
Oil & Gas Pipeline Solar Power Kits
Telecom Solar Power Kits
RV & Marine Solar Panel Kits
DIY Solar Kits
All DIY Solar Kits
Solar Panel Starter Kits
Plug-N-Play Solar Power
All Plug-N-Play Solar Power
Portable Power
Flexible Solar Panel Kits
Portable DC Lighting Kits
Solar Mobile Battery Charging Kits
Charge Controllers
All Charge Controllers
MPPT Charge Controllers
All MPPT Charge Controllers
MidNite Solar MPPT
Morningstar MPPT
OutBack Power MPPT
Victron Energy MPPT
Schneider Electric MPPT
Solarland® MPPT
PWM Charge Controllers
All PWM Charge Controllers
Morningstar PWM
Samlex America PWM
Schneider Electric PWM
Solarland® PWM
Victron Energy PWM
Specialty Concepts PWM
Prewired Backplates
Controller Accessories
Inverters
All Inverters
Grid Tie Inverters
All Grid Tie Inverters
Fronius GT
OutBack Power GT
SMA GT
Off Grid Inverters
All Off Grid Inverters
Magnum Energy OG
OutBack Power OG
Samlex America OG
Morningstar OG
SMA OG
Exeltech
Go Power!
Zamp Solar
Hybrid Inverters
RV & Marine Inverters
All RV & Marine Inverters
Go Power! Industrial PSW
Mobile Inverters
Microinverters
PowerCenters
Accessories
All Accessories
Fronius Accessories
Magnum Accessories
Outback Power Accessories
Schneider Electric Accessories
SMA Accessories
Energy Storage
All Energy Storage
Batteries
All Batteries
AGM Batteries
Flooded Batteries
Gel Batteries
Battery Enclosures & Cabinets
All Battery Enclosures & Cabinets
Aluminum Enclosures
Fiberglass Enclosure
MidNite Solar MNBE
Backup Power Solutions
All Backup Power Solutions
Battery Banks
Emergency Backup Power
SystemEdge Bundle
Battery Chargers
PV Mounting Systems
All PV Mounting Systems
Ground
Side-of-Pole
Roof
RV & Marine
Trackers
SolarTech
Top-of-Pole
UniRac
BOS Components
All BOS Components
Circuit Breakers
Combiners
Disconnects
ePanels
Surge Protectors
Wiring & Cables
All Wiring & Cables
Intermodule
Output
MC Output
Controller-to-Battery
Inverter
Battery
More
All More
Water Pumping
Preparedness
Wind Energy
Popular Brands
OutBack Power
Solarland®
Ameresco Solar
Mr. Solar®
MidNite Solar
Solartech Power
Magnum Energy
Morningstar
Fronius
SamlexAmerica®
View All
Home
Privacy Policy
Privacy Policy
Here at Mr. Solar we respect your privacy and understand the importance of securing your data. We only collect the information needed to process your payment and ship your order, and we will never sell your information.
Your information will be shared with the companies that we use for payment processing (Elavon), order processing (Big Commerce) and newletters (MailChimp), if you sign up for our newsletter.  You information will not be shared with anyone or any entity outside of the entities required to process your order.
We maintain PCI compliance and practice every safeguard to protect your personal information.
If you have any questions or concerns, please contact us at
siteadmin@mrsolar.com.
For more detailed information about our privacy policy, please continue reading below.
Introduction
The site editor takes your right to privacy seriously, and wants you to feel comfortable using this web site. This privacy policy deals with personally-identifiable information (referred to as "data" below) that may be collected by this site. This policy does not apply to other entities that are not owned or controlled by the site editor, nor does it apply to persons that are not employees or agents of the site editor, or that are not under the site editor's control. Please take time to read this site's Terms of use.
1. Collection of data
Registration for an account on this site requires only a valid e-mail address and a user name that has not been chosen already. You are not required to provide any other information if you do not want to. Please be aware that the user name you choose, the e-mail address you provide and any other information you enter may render you personally identifiable, and may possibly be displayed on this web site intentionally (depending on choices you make during the registration process, or depending on the way in which the site is configured) or unintentionally (subsequent to a successful act of intrusion by a third party). As on many web sites, the site editor may also automatically receive general information that is contained in server log files, such as your IP address, and cookie information. Information about how advertising may be served on this site (if it is indeed the site editor's policy to display advertising) is set forth below.
2. Use of data
Data may be used to customize and improve your user experience on this site. Efforts will be made to prevent your data being made available to third parties unless
(i) provided for otherwise in this Privacy Policy;
(ii) your consent is obtained, such as when you choose to opt-in or opt-out for the sharing of data;
(iii) a service provided on our site requires interaction with a third party, or is provided by a third party, such as an application service provider;
(iv) pursuant to legal action or law enforcement;
(v) it is found that your use of this site violates the site editor's policy, terms of service, or other usage guidelines, or if it is deemed reasonably necessary by the site editor to protect the site editor's legal rights and/or property; or
(vi) this site is purchased by a third party, in which case that third party will be able to use the data in the same manner as set forth in this policy.
In the event you choose to use links displayed on this web site to visit other web sites, you are advised to read the privacy policies published on those sites.
3. Cookies
Like many web sites, this web site sets and uses cookies to enhance your user experience -- to remember your personal settings, for instance. Advertisements may display on this web site and, if so, may set and access cookies on your computer; such cookies are subject to the privacy policy of the parties providing the advertisement. However, the parties providing the advertising do not have access to this site's cookies. These parties usually use non-personally-identifiable or anonymous codes to obtain information about your visits to this site. You can visit the Network Advertising Initiative if you want to find out more information about this practice, and to learn about your options, including your options with regard to the following companies that may serve advertising on this site: [ AffiliateShop ] [ AssociatePrograms.com ] [ Be Free ] [ Click Trade ] [ Commission Junction ] [ DoubleClick ] [ Linkshare ]
4. Minors
The site editor might not allow persons who are aged thirteen or younger to become members of this site. For more information, please contact the site administrator.
5. Editing or deleting your account information
You are provided with the ability to edit the information stored for your user account information during registration, by visiting your user account control panel. You can request that your user account be deleted; to do so, please contact the site administrator. Content or other data that you may have provided, and that is not stored within your user account, such as articles published, may continue to remain on the site at the site editor's discretion, even after your user account is deleted. Please see the site's Terms of use for more information.
6. Changes to this privacy policy
Changes may be made to this policy from time to time. You will be notified of substantial changes to this policy either by through the posting of a prominent announcement on the site, and/or by a mail message sent to the e-mail address you have provided, which is stored within your user settings.
7. NO GUARANTEES
While this privacy policy states standards for maintenance of data, and while efforts will be made to meet the said standards, the site editor is not in a position to guarantee compliance with these standards. There may be factors beyond the site editor's control that may result in disclosure of data. Consquently, the site editor offers no warranties or representations as regards maintenance or non-disclosure of data.
8. Contact information
If you have any questions about this policy or about this web site, please feel free to contact the site administrator.
OK