http://www.ostrich.com/pages/privacy-policy
Skip to content
HomeProducts
Feathers
Ostrich Feathers
Peacock Feathers
Coque Feathers
Duck Feathers
Turkey Feathers
Pheasant Feathers
Marabou Feathers
Feather Fringes
Ostrich Feather Fringe
Coque Feather Fringe
Peacock Feather Fringe
Pheasant Feather Fringe
Goose Feather Fringe
Boas
Ostrich Feather Boas
Chandelle Feather Boas
Marabou Feather Boas
Coque Feather Boas
Guinea Feather Boas
Turkey Feather Boas
Peacock Feather Boas
Fans
Ostrich Wing Feather Fans
Ostrich Drab Feather Fans
Ostrich Boa Feather Fans
Dusters & Eggshells
Ostrich Feather Keychains
Ostrich Feather Dusters
Microfiber Dusters
Lambswool Dusters
Ostrich Eggshells
Other
Misc Dollars
Layaway Payments
Rush Order
Color ChartAboutContact
Account
Search
USDCADEURGBP
Cart
Your cart is empty
Free Shipping Over $100 On Feather Items
FancyFeather.com does business as fancyfeather.com.
fancyfeather.com owns and operates this Web site. The contact addresses for correspondence are listed at the bottom of this and every page of our Web site.
Your privacy is important to us and this privacy statement provides information about the personal information that we collect and the ways in which we use that personal information.
Personal information collection
fancyfeather.com does not sell or share your information with any outside organisation.
fancyfeather.com does not sell its mailing list or the information you provide.
fancyfeather.com does not produce a hard copy or electronic copy of our email subscription list to anyone.
If you supply us with your postal address, it is very unlikely that you will receive postal mailings from us, as we prefer to use email.
fancyfeather.com may collect and use the following kinds of personal information:
information that you provide to us for the purpose of using or registering on our Web site including the fancyfeather.com on-line surveys,and registering your account are used internally only, or for our infrequent newsletter.
information about transactions carried out over this Web site including the fancyfeather.com shopping cart, , mail-order, telephone order, fax order, email order, off-site, trade show, exhibition or any other place of business or location where a transaction is carried out between you and fancyfeather.com
information that you provide for the purpose of subscribing to the Web site services including the fancyfeather.com newsletter, fancyfeather.com promotional sales letters and other subscription services that we may offer from time to time.
Using personal information
fancyfeather.com may use your personal information to:
administer this Web site
enable your access to and use of the Web site services
personalize the Web site for you
send to you products that you purchase
send you infrequent newsletters, sales, marketing and promotion communications
send you statements and invoices
supply to you services that you purchase
In the very unlikely event where fancyfeather.com needs to discloses your personal information to any third-party or supplier, for these purposes, the third-party or supplier in question will be obligated to use that personal information in accordance with the terms of this privacy statement.
In addition to the disclosures reasonably necessary for the purposes identified elsewhere herein, fancyfeather.com may disclose your personal information to the extent that it is required to do so by law, in connection with any legal proceedings or prospective legal proceedings, and in order to establish, exercise or defend its legal rights.
Securing of your data
fancyfeather.com will take reasonable technical and organisational precautions to prevent the loss, misuse or alteration of your personal information.
Information relating to electronic transactions entered into via this Web site will be protected by encryption technology.
If a transaction takes place via mail-order, telephone order, fax order, email order, an off-site order, a trade show order, an exhibition order or any other place of business or location where an order is placed, that order will be entered via the this Web site and will be protected by encryption technology.
You can shop at FancyFeather.com [http://fancyfeather.com/] with confidence. We have partnered with Authorize.Net [http://www.authorize.net], a leading payment gateway since 1996, to accept credit cards and electronic check payments safely and securely for our customers. The Authorize.Net Payment Gateway manages the complex routing of sensitive customer information through the electronic check and credit card processing networks. See an online payments diagram [http://www.authorize.net/resources/howitworksdiagram/] to see how it works. The company adheres to strict industry standards for payment processing, including: 128-bit Secure Sockets Layer (SSL) technology for secure Internet Protocol (IP) transactions. Industry leading encryption hardware and software methods and security protocols to protect customer information. Compliance with the Payment Card Industry Data Security Standard (PCI DSS). For additional information regarding the privacy of your sensitive cardholder data, please read the Authorize.Net Privacy Policy [http://www.authorize.net/company/privacy/]. [http://fancyfeather.com/]  is registered with the Authorize.Net Verified Merchant Seal program.
Cross-border data transfers
Information that fancyfeather.com collects may be stored and processed in and transferred between any of the countries in which fancyfeather.com operates to enable the use of the information in accordance with this privacy policy.
You agree to such cross-border transfers of personal information.
Other information collected
For each visitor to our Web sites, our servers collect and log the time, the domain name, the IP number and the type of Web browser that visitors use when visiting our Web sites.
Usage of other information collected
The information we collect from your domain name, your IP number and the type of Web browser you use is for internal use by fancyfeather.com only. We use this information to improve the content of our Web site and it is not shared with other organisations for any purposes.
fancyfeather.com does not sell or share your information with any outside organisation.
fancyfeather.com does not sell its mailing list or the information you provide.
fancyfeather.com does not produce a hard copy or electronic copy of our email subscription list to anyone.
If you supply us with your postal address, it is very unlikely that you will receive postal mailings from us, as we prefer to use email.
Unsubscribing
If at any time you do not want to receive newsletters, sales letters or promotional email from us, you may unsubscribe automatically from all our mailing lists by using the unsubscribe link contained therein or use our unsubscribe page.
Updating this statement
fancyfeather.com may update this privacy policy by posting a new version on this Web site.
You should check this page occasionally to ensure you are familiar with any changes.
Other Web sites
This Web site contains links to other Web sites.
fancyfeather.com is not responsible for the privacy policies or practices of any third party.