http://www.britishmilitarysurplus.co.uk/shop/terms-conditions.html
British Military Surplus Terms & Conditions
ABOUT US
Our address is Field Textiles Ltd, A1 - A2 Hovefields Ave, Basildon, Essex, SS13 1EB. Registered Office 94 London Road, Cambridge. Registration Number 358432
britishmilitarysurplus.co.uk are exclusive contractors in the UK to the Ministry of Defence. With over 50 years experience in the army surplus business we are the specialists in all Genuine British Kit.
Condition of Clothing
All Clothing unless specifically stated as NEW - Will be in Used Grade 1 or Grade 2 Condition. Pictures are Library Images - The Majority of Items are in Used Grade 1 or Grade 2 Condition
Grade 1 - Used Clothing - Good condition - Strong Colour - No Rips or Tears
Grade 2 - Used Clothing - More visible Signs of Use -Possible faded colour - No Rips or Tears
HOW TO PURCHASE GOODS
We have made buying from www.britishmilitarysurplus.co.uk as simple as possible.
Our shopping basket system will store items you have placed within it for up to four hours. Each item for sale has an order button. When you press this button you are taken to the order processing page where the item will be automatically added to your basket.
To view items in the shopping basket and amend them accordingly simply click on the 'SHOW ORDER'or 'CHECKOUT' section.
You can input how many of each item you would like, decide to continue shopping, remove an item from the basket or check out and place your secure order. It is at this time you would be asked for your name and address and then your credit card details.
From within the order-processing page you can become an ishop member, by doing this it will entitle you to various promotions and also enables us to store your personal information to assist you when checking out. This information will be stored in a 'cookie' on your computer. We will not store any such information on our system, in order to protect your privacy. The only details we cannot store are your credit card details
Our payments are processed by PayPoint, one of the leading providers of online payment solutions. PayPoint have been given The Payment Card Industry Security Standards Council's Level 1 accreditation.  Full card numbers are stored by PayPoint but we only store the last four digits of your card and the expiration date.
We take the security of your data very seriously.  We take all necessary steps to keep our systems secure and up to date.  We only store a hashed version of your password.  This means nobody is able to see what your password is, even if they obtain the hashed version.  Your connection to our checkout system is encrypted with TLS (Transport Layer Security) or if you have a very old browser SSL will be used instead.  Most browsers will display a padlock symbol when SSL or TLS is in use, and you can click on it to show information about the secure connection.
ACCEPTED PAYMENT
Paying online is simple. We accept Mastercard, Visa, Solo and Switch debit cards.For more details see above. If you place an offline order you will be contacted by one of our representatives to arrange payment - this will usually be by cheque or postal order. Please make cheques payable to: FIELD TEXTILES LTD
IS MY TRANSACTION SECURE
Every on-line transaction made within www.britishmilitartysurplus.co.uk is transmitted across the Internet using SSL (Secure Socket Layer) encryption. This industry standard method ensures that information sent from your browser is scrambled whilst in transit and decoded when it arrives on our server.
We take the issue of security seriously and have taken every step possible to protect you. Our servers sit behind a state of the art hardware firewall and the computer that handles the card services is a bastion host of the ishop mall servers, it is not accessible from the Internet.
We have employed the services of one of the countries leading security experts who regularly monitors and updates our systems.
WHAT IF I HAVE PROBLEMS ORDERING
Common reasons for problems when pressing the order button are:
i)You are using an old browser that doesn't support SSL encryption.
ii)You are browsing from behind a corporate firewall that will not allow secure connections. Speak to the system administrator at your office. They will either fix the problem or you will have to order from another location.
To check point your browser to http://www.microsoft.com/ if you cannot connect to the Microsoft secure server it is likely that one of the above faults apply. If you are able to connect to Microsoft please visit http://www.microsoft.com/downloads/ to download latest version of Internet Explorer.
WHAT IF I DO NOT RECEIVE MY GOODS
Please wait 28 days, if you do not receive your goods after this period of time, please contact us on 01268-729233 or E-mail using the 'Ask a Question' Function on the home page with your order number to hand. This number will be included in the E-mail you received when you ordered the goods from our shop. We will strive to resolve the issue immediately.
WHEN IS MY CREDIT CARD DEBITED
Your card will normally be debited when the goods are dispatched. An authorisation takes place when you make your order, this simply guarantees that the funds are available on your card and the payment will be made to us. This authorisation remains valid for 10 days. When the goods are dispatched, we will debit funds from your account overnight directly into our own. If certain items in your order are out of stock or unobtainable we will only partially process your order. We are also able to cancel or refund individual items of your order should we need to.
WHAT HAPPENS IF MY CARD AUTHORISATION FAILS
If the authorisation fails, the most likely explanation is that you have input your card details incorrectly. If this happens, press the back button on your browser and you will be back in the card input page. Check that all the details are correct and make any changes necessary before proceeding once more. If all the details are correct then we would advise that you contact the card issuer to check for any reasons why your card was not authorised. We will receive your order anyway and will contact you to arrange for alternative methods of payment.
WHAT RISKS ARE INVOLVED IN BUYING ONLINE
All personal data, including your card number is transmitted over secure connections, meaning that no one can 'eavesdrop' and capture your details. In addition to this, your card details are not viewable by us at all, they are transmitted over iShop’s secure server for authorisation and payment transactions. You are protected because the transaction was carried out as 'Cardholder not present'. This means that any payments will be refunded to your card should it be used fraudulently by someone else or you do not receive what you ordered.
STOCK LEVELS
Our products are offered subject to availability. If for any reason we cannot complete an order the 'OUT OF STOCK' item or items will not be charged for. All Products are Subject to Availability.
POSTAGE and PACKING
Please allow up to 14 working days for delivery. In the event of a delay you will be notified by Email.
Please note; we reserve the right to refuse any order. Orders may be subject to further credit card checks following initial authorisation. On occasion, international orders may be refused due to delivery issues in the country. If necessary we will contact you to discuss delivery options in order to fulfil the order.
PLEASE NOTE IF YOU LIVE OUTSIDE THE UK OR IN N.IRELAND, THE HIGHLANDS OF SCOTLAND OR THE CHANNEL ISLANDS ETC, YOU WILL BE CONTACTED AFTER YOU HAVE MADE YOUR PURCHASE AS POSTAGE WILL COST MORE TO THOSE AREAS - WE DO NOT SEND TO BFPO ADDRESSES - DUE TO PREVIOUS LOSS
We do send orders abroad. The postage for your order will be set by the website, however please be aware the postage price will be subject to change depending on the size and weight of the order. We use a Courier to send our parcels and so that price issued will be their price. You will be contacted after the order is made if further postage is required. We reserve the Right to cancel any order.
RETURNS POLICY - DEFECTIVE GOODS
We guarantee all our products to be free of defects for 28 days. If you receive a defective product, please Email us at jack@fieldtextiles.com  to arrange an exchange or refund.
RETURNS POLICY - UNWANTED GOODS
Under the 7 day returns policy goods may be returned at your own cost for a full refund. Seven days from the day after delivery. Original and Return Postage will not be refunded.
If you require an Exchange - please send the goods back including a covering letter stating what size you would like in Exchange. Please also provide the £5.00 postage to resend the Exchange Item. The Return postage will be the customer's responsibility and will not be refunded.
ACKNOWLEDGEMENT OF ORDERS
We will acknowledge all orders by Email.
PRIVACY POLICY
We guarantee that we will not pass your details to any other company without your permission. In such a case we would contact you by phone or by Email to gain your consent. Any personal data will not be transferred out of the EEA. If you do not give us your consent, all information received from you will be kept completely confidential and will not be disclosed to any other party.
The terms and conditions do not affect your statutory rights as a consumer.
CONTACT US
Feel free to contact us with any questions or queries you have regarding our website, sales, service or any related topic - Our Number is - 01268729233 or Email One of the Following Addresses;
jack@fieldtextiles.com (manager)
demi@fieldtextiles.com (sales assistant)
ricky@fieldtextiles.com (wholesale only)
kelsie@fieldtextiles.com (sales assistant)
Purpose of the Privacy Policy
Field Textiles ltd are committed to protecting and respecting your privacy. By visiting www.fieldtextiles.co.uk, www.britishmilitarysurplus.co.uk or www.ex-mod.com  including all related sub-domain names (together, “our site”), you are accepting and consenting to the practices described in this policy.
This policy (together with our site’s terms and conditions, of use and any other documents referred to on it) sets out the basis on which any personal data we collect from you, or that you provide to us, will be processed by us. Please read the following carefully to understand our views and practices regarding your personal data and how we will treat it.
Our details
For the purpose of the Data Protection Act 1998 (the “Act”), the data controller is Field Textiles ltd. Our trading address is: Field Textiles, A1+A2 Hovefields Avenue, Basildon, Essex, SS13 1EB
Questions, comments and requests regarding this privacy policy are welcomed and should be addressed to jack@fieldtextiles.com
Information you give to us
This is information about you that you give us:
·         By filling in forms on our site;
·         By corresponding with us by phone, e-mail or otherwise;
·         By registering on our site; and
·         When you report a problem with our site.
The information you give us may include your name, address, e-mail address, social media usernames, phone number, occupation and employer.
Information we collect about you
With regard to each of your visits to our site we will automatically collect the following information:
·         Technical information, including the Internet protocol (IP) address used to connect your computer to the Internet, browser type and version, browser plug-in types and versions, operating system and platform;
·         Information about your visit, including the full Uniform Resource Locators (URL), clickstream to, through and from
·         Our site (including date and time), page response times, download errors, length of visits to certain pages, page interaction information (such as scrolling, clicks, and mouse-overs) and methods used to browse away from the page.
Information we receive from other sources.
This is information we receive about you if you use any of the other websites we operate or the other services we provide.
Cookies served through our Websites
The specific types of first and third party cookies served through our Websites and the purposes they perform are described in further detail below:
Essential Website Cookies
These cookies are strictly necessary to provide you with services available through our websites and to use some of its features, such as access to secure areas. Because these cookies are strictly necessary to deliver the websites, you cannot refuse them without impacting how our websites function. You can block or delete them by changing your browser settings, as described under the heading "How can I control cookies?" in the cookie statement.
Performance and Functionality Cookies
These cookies are used to enhance the performance and functionality of our websites but are non-essential to their use. However, without these cookies, certain functionality may become unavailable.
Analytics and Customisation Cookies
These cookies collect information that is used either in aggregate form to help us understand how our websites are being used or how effective our marketing campaigns are, or to help us customise our websites and application for you in order to enhance your experience.
Advertising (Targeting) Cookies
These cookies are used to make advertising messages more relevant to you and your interests. They also perform functions like preventing the same ad from continuously reappearing, ensuring that ads are properly displayed, and in some cases selecting advertisements that are based on your interests. For further information, see the section of the Cookie Statement entitled "Targeted online advertising".
Uses made of the information
We use information held about you in the following ways:
Information you give to us
We will use this information:
·         To carry out our obligations arising from any contracts entered into between you and us and to provide you with the information, products and services that you request from us;
·         To provide you with information about other goods and services we offer that are similar to those that you have already browsed or enquired about;
·         To notify you about changes to our service; and
·         To ensure that content from our site is presented in the most effective manner for you and for your computer.
Information we collect about you.
We will use this information:
·         To administer our site and for internal operations, including troubleshooting, data analysis, testing, research, statistical and survey purposes;
·         To improve our site to ensure that content is presented in the most effective manner for you and for your computer;
·         To allow you to participate in interactive features of our site, if applicable and when you choose to do so;
·         As part of our efforts to keep our site safe and secure;
·         To measure or understand the effectiveness of advertising we serve to you and others, and to deliver relevant advertising to you;
·         To make suggestions and recommendations to you and other users of our site about goods or services that may interest you or them.
Information we receive from other sources.
·         We will combine this information with information you give to us and information we collect about you. We will use this information and the combined information for the purposes set out above (depending on the types of information we receive).
Disclosure of your information
You agree that we have the right to share your personal information with:
Any member of our group, which means our subsidiaries, our parent companies and our ultimate holding company and its subsidiaries, as defined in section 1159 of the UK Companies Act 2006.
Selected third parties including:
·         Business partners, suppliers and sub-contractors for the performance of any contract we enter into with them or you;
·         Analytics and search engine providers that assist us in the improvement and optimisation of our site.
We will disclose your personal information to third parties:
·         If Field Textliles ltd or substantially all of its assets are acquired by a third party, in which case personal data held by it about its customers will be one of the transferred assets.
·         If we are under a duty to disclose or share your personal data in order to comply with any legal obligation, or in order to enforce or apply our site’s terms of use and other agreements; or to protect the rights, property, or safety of  Field Textiles ltd, our customers, or others. This includes exchanging information with other companies and organisations for the purposes of fraud protection and credit risk reduction.
Where we store your personal data
We will take all steps reasonably necessary to ensure that your data is treated securely and in accordance with this privacy policy.
All information you provide to us is stored on our secure servers. Where we have given you (or where you have chosen) a password which enables you to access certain parts of our site, you are responsible for keeping this password confidential. We ask you not to share a password with anyone.
Unfortunately, the transmission of information via the internet is not completely secure. Although we will do our best to protect your personal data, we cannot guarantee the security of your data transmitted to our site; any transmission is at your own risk. Once we have received your information, we will use strict procedures and security features to try to prevent unauthorised access
Your rights
You have the right to ask us not to process your personal data for marketing purposes. We will usually inform you (before collecting your data) if we intend to use your data for such purposes or if we intend to disclose your information to any third party for such purposes. You can exercise your right to prevent such processing by checking certain boxes on the forms we use to collect your data. You can also exercise the right at any time by contacting us at jack@fieldtextiles.com
Our site may, from time to time, contain links to and from the websites of our partner networks, advertisers and affiliates. If you follow a link to any of these websites, please note that these websites have their own privacy policies and that we do not accept any responsibility or liability for these policies. Please check these policies before you submit any personal data to these websites.
Access to information
The Act gives you the right to access information held about you. Your right of access can be exercised in accordance with the Act.
Changes to our privacy policy
Any changes we make to our privacy policy in the future will be posted on this page and, where appropriate, notified to you by e-mail. Please check back frequently to see any updates or changes to our privacy policy.
Contact Us: Field Textiles ltd, A1 + A2 Hovefields Ave
Basildon, Essex, SS13 1EB
Email: jack@fieldtextiles.com
Trading Office: Field Textiles ltd, A1 + A2 Hovefields Ave
Basildon, Essex, SS13 1EB
Size Chart
TROUSERS
CM
INCHES
SIZE
76cm
28”
Small
80cm
30”
Small
84cm
32”
Medium
88cm
34”
Medium
92cm
36”
Large
96cm
38”
Large
100cm
40”
Large
104cm
42”
Extra Large
112cm
44”
Extra Large
CHEST
CM
INCHES
SIZE
88cm
34”
Small
96cm
38”
Medium
104cm
42”
Large
112cm
44”
Extra Large
HEIGHT
CM
SIZE
160cm
Short
170cm
Medium
180cm
Medium
190cm
Tall
LEG LENGTH
CM
SIZE
75cm
Short
80cm
Regular
85cm
Long
90cm
Extra Long
Large Sleeping Bag Dimensions:
Height: 6ft3”
Width: 80cm
For Sizes or Dimensions of other items - please contact us using the 'Ask a question' Function at the top of the page.
Username
Password