http://www.breakoutbras.com/pages/breakout-bras-privacy-policy
Skip to content
Submit
Close search
Join our loyalty program TODAY and receive 15% off your first order.
Breakout Bras Privacy Policy
We know that you care how your information is used, and we appreciate your trust that we will use it carefully and sensibly. This notice describes our privacy policy.
What Personal Information Do We Collect?
Information You Provide. We receive and store information you enter. For example, when you search for or buy a product or service, or when you supply information such as your address, phone number or credit card. We use the information that you provide for such purposes as responding to your requests, improving our website, and communicating with you.
Cookies. Like many websites, we use "cookies". Cookies are small programs that we transfer to your hard drive that allow us to recognize you and to provide you with a customized shopping experience. If you do not want us to use cookies, you can easily disable them by going to the toolbar of your web browser, and clicking on the “help” button. Follow the instructions that will prevent the browser from accepting cookies, or set the browser to inform you when you receive a new cookie.
Other Information: Every computer has an IP (Internet Protocol) address. IP addresses of computers used to visit this site are noted. In addition, we automatically collect other information such as email addresses, browser types, operating systems, and the URL addresses of sites clicked to and from this site.
How Do We Use Your Information?
Contact You Regarding Your Order. We send order confirmation E-Mails as well as delivery notifications. Also, if there is a problem processing your order, we will call or E-mail you to alert you to any issues.
Customized Shopping. We use your information to better serve you by providing a customized shopping experience. As noted above, you may “opt-out” of this customization, or even visit and shop anonymously.
Agents. We employ other companies and individuals to perform functions on our behalf. Examples include delivering packages, sending postal mail and e-mail, and processing credit card payments. They have access to personal information needed to perform their functions, but may not use it for other purposes.
Special Offers. We may send you special offers from time to time, if you choose to “opt-in” to our E-mail Newsletter.
How Do We Protect the Security of Your Information?
We work to protect the security of your information during transmission by using Secure Sockets Layer (SSL) software, which encrypts information you input.
We use encryption to protect your information contained in our customer list.
We use a firewall to protect against unlawful intrusion.
We limit access to your information on a “need to know” basis.