http://www.sarahdrew.com/privacy-policy
sarah drew jewellery
Home
All Products
Blog
About
Contact
Basket
0
eco-jewellery
Nomads Mining Lookbook
Jewellery Workshops
Stockists
Size guide
Privacy policy
Returns policy
Exhibitions and Shows 2020
Beach plastic re-made
News
mailing list
All Products
rings
necklaces
bracelets
earrings
winter beach
re-wilding
boulder opals
simple eco-silver
freshwater pearls
books
brass
eco-gold
brooches
pebbles
Privacy PolicySarah Drew jewellery is completely committed to protecting the privacy of our site visitors and customers. Therefore we will not disclose information about our customers to third parties except where it is part of providing a service to you. ConsentYour Consent is important to us too. Therefore we will never sell your name, address, e-mail address, credit card information or any other personal information to any third party without your consent. Communication & MarketingIf you have made a purchase from our shop (thank you!) we may occasionally update you on our latest products, news and special offers via e-mail if you opt-in to receive email marketing communications from us. You can opt-out at any time. Website StatisticsWe may record statistics about the number of visitors to this Website or number of purchases made for improvement purposes. This is to help it improve the services to our customers and ultimately provide the most appropriate products. Protecting your securityWe may use personal information provided by you in order to fulfill necessary anti-fraud checks. This information may be disclosed to a credit reference or fraud prevention agency, which may keep a record of that information. This is done only to confirm identity for security purposes. Third party websitesOur site may contain links to and from other websites.  If you follow a link to any of these websites, please note that they have their own privacy policies and we do not accept any liability for these policies. Contacting usSarah Drew jewellery is committed to protecting your privacy. All personal information collected through this website will be held securely in accordance with the UK’s Data Protection Act 1998. for any further queries or comments please contact us using our contact form.