https://www.your-door-knocker.com/privacy-policy.html
Your Door Knocker Privacy Policy
Protecting your privacy when using our website is important to us. Please note how your data will be used.
Data for Payment
The shopping cart may collect the following shopper information for credit card processing:
Name
Email
Address (billing and/or shipping)
Credit/Debit card details
IP
The information is collected so that payment can be processed and shipping can occur. The payment data will be shared with a payment processor as well as the order total and possibly order details such as the products ordered. Payment processors include:
PayPal Express Checkout
Authorize.NET AIM (Legacy)
Data for Shipping
In order to ship a physical good, a shipping address is needed as well as product weight, box sizes, and order totals. This information will be shared with USPS.
Data for Analytics
Pages browsed will be logged by the Web Server and tracked by Google Analytics. The information tracked and logged will include your IP.
Data collected when browsing the store
Your IP and cookie data will be shared with Facebook should you click on their links.
Cookies
Cookies are small files stored by your browser on your device. They are used to remember preferences and improve the browsing and checkout experience. Our shopping cart uses the following cookies:
Shopping Basket Cookie — sets a basket ID to correlate to your temporary shopping cart file. (remains for up to 7 days)
Mini Cart Cookie — contains a list of products you have added to your cart. Used for displaying your shopping basket while you browse store pages. (remains for up to 7 days)
Data Retention
Orders — When an order is completed the order information (including email, name, address, products, shipping method, etc.) is stored in a database. That information remains for up to one year.
Data Retention
Orders — Contact us to remove order data.
Cookies — Cookies can be cleared by you. The method used depends on the browser and device. See wikiHow for more information.
Fulfilling Data Requests
Contact us if you need a copy of your Orders data.
Security & Privacy Policy
Your-Door Knocker.com, is owned and operated by Shayler Engraving.
Our postal address is:
Shayler Engraving
6461 Newton Falls Road
Ravenna, Ohio 44266
Security
We provide a secure shopping environment.
We appreciate your business and we respect and guard your privacy.
In order to complete your order or to satisfy your request for information, you
will be asked to provide certain personal information.
Safeguards
are in place to ensure the security and privacy of your information.
These safeguards are detailed below.
"Cookies" are small pieces of information that are stored by your browser on your
computer's hard drive. Our cookies do not contain any personal identification
information, but they do enable us to provide features such as welcoming you
back to our site using your name and storing items in your shopping cart
between visits.
Most Web browsers automatically accept cookies, but you can
usually change your browser to prevent that. Even without a cookie, you can
still use most of the features in our store, including placing items in your
shopping cart and purchasing them.
You and your information are secure while shopping online.
Our secure server software is among the best available today for safe commerce transactions.
It encrypts all of your personal information, including credit card number, name and address so
that unauthorized persons cannot access it over the Internet.
We use Shopsite e-commerce software to operate our site and collect order
information from you.
This software is running under license to us on servers
provided by SiteSell.com.
Only we have access to information provided by you through
their secure server.
The Shopsite system does store a Cookie containing your
name and address information so that your browser will remember this
information if you become disconnected from the Internet or if you should come
back to our site for future purchases.
You may disable this function by setting
your browser to not accept cookies.
Secure Web Site Browsing
In order to be sure that information transferred between your browser and
our server is secure, it is important to be aware of the security
information available to you through your browser.
Once you enter the Checkout process (when you're ready to purchase the items
you have put into your Shopping Cart), your connection to our server becomes
secure.
To confirm this, look at the bottom of your browser window. If you see
an unbroken key or a closed lock (depending upon your browser) you can be sure
that your information is secure.
You can also ensure security by checking the URL line of your browser.
When you
enter the secure area of our site, the first characters of the site address
will change from "http" to "https".
Data Collection In A Secure Environment
In several areas
of our site, we ask you to provide information by filling out and submitting an
online form.
These areas include...
1) Checkout, where we ask for name, address, e-mail, credit card and other information
needed to complete your order;
2) Other forms, where we ask for your e-mail address and other information as needed.
Data Use
The information we collect is never used personally, rather it's used to improve our Web site
(in the case of customer feedback), to mail out our opt-in e-zines or to notify consumers
about updates to our Web site (in the case of subscription forms), and for special notices
to our customers who purchase one or more products (in the case of successful orders
through the Order Form).
We aggregate statistics about our
online sales, traffic patterns, and related site information to reputable
third-party vendors.
We may share these with related third parties, but these general statistics
never include any information about you (or anyone else) personally.
We never provide your personal data to any third party.
As a strict
policy, we do not sell, trade, rent or otherwise
share your e-mail address with any other company or third party.
Communications
We want to communicate with you only if you want to hear from us. If you prefer not to
receive information from us, either through e-mail, postal mail or by phone,
please let us know by completing our Contact Form.
Or, in the case of e-zines, simply click on the "Unsubscribe"
link at the bottom
of each mailing.
By purchasing online, you may receive periodic mailings from us with
information on new products and services or upcoming events.
Again, you
can unsubscribe from these at any time.
IP Addresses
We record IP addresses as a demographic part of our aggregate statistics (mentioned above).
But we do not link this to your shopper information with the
following exception: when you place an order using our online checkout process,
we may correlate your IP address with your order in cases of fraudulent credit
card use.
In the case of a suspected fraudulent order, we may share this with
the financial institution that issued the credit card with which an order was placed.
We may also share this IP information with law enforcement authorities, if we determine
use of the credit card was fraudulent.
We also use
IP addresses to help diagnose problems with our server computers, and to administer
our Web site.
Your IP address is used to help identify your browser and your shopping
cart, but we do not know that "you" are "you."
Online Payment Service
Home
Products
Door Knockers
Engraved Plates
Kick Plates
Engraving
View Engraving Fonts
Engraving Help
Engraving Upper/Lower Case
About Engraving
Engraving Video
More Information / Help
Shipping Lead Times
Door Knocker Installation
Door Knocker Cleaning
Casting Shop
Articles
Finishes