https://www.slimmingsolutions.com/privacy-statement.html
Phone orders 0191 2289482 office hrs
My Account
My Basket
Checkout
Slimming Solutions
Diet Pills
Extreme Diet Pills
Fat Burning Diet Pills
Extreme Weight Loss Diet Pills
Fast Acting Diet Pills
Rapid Weight Loss Diet Pills
Best and Safest Diet Pills
Diet aid Pills
Diet Supplement Pills
Effective Diet Pills for Weight Loss
Top Rated Diet Pills
Slimming Pills
Cheap Slimming Pills
Slimming aid Pills
Best Slimming Pills on the Market
Best Slimming Pills without Side Effects
Effective and Safe Slimming Pills
Rapidly Slimming Pills
Recommended Slimming Pills
Safe and Effective Slimming Pills
Slimming Weight Loss Pills
Top Ten Slimming Pills
Slimming Tablets
Slimming Tablets That Work UK
Strong Slimming Tablets
Ultimate Slimming Tablets
Best Slimming Tablets on the Market
Best Slimming Tablets That Work
Cheap Slimming Tablets
Effective Slimming Tablets
Safe Slimming Tablets
Strong Slimming Tablets UK
Tablets for Slimming Fast
Spanx for Women
Spanx Power Panties
Spanx Women
Ladies Spanx
Spanx for Women UK
Panty Spanx
Spanx for plus Size Women
Spanx for Pregnant Women
Spanx High Waisted Panty
Spanx Ladies Underwear
Spanx Shorts for Women
Spanx for Men
Spanx Men
Man Spanx
Where to Buy Spanx for Men
Spanx Underwear for Men
Where Can I Buy Spanx for Men
Spanx Shirt for Men
Best Spanx for Men
Spanx for Men Retailers
Mens Spanx Shirt
Mens Spanx Underwear
Slimming Pills UK
Slimming Pills That Work Fast UK
Slimming Pills That Work UK
Top 10 Slimming Pills UK
Strongest Slimming Pills UK
Strong Slimming Pills UK
Safe Slimming Pills UK
Slim Pills UK
UK Slimming Pills
Best Slimming Pills in UK
Best Selling Slimming Pills UK
Slimming Products
Best Slimming Products
Slimming Products UK
Slimming Products Online
Best Slimming Products in UK
Best Slimming Products UK
Body Slimming Products
Effective Slimming Products
Slimming Products for Men
Slimming Products for Women
Slimming Products in UK
Diet Pills for Women
Best Diet Pills Women
Best Diet Pills for Women over the Counter
Best over the Counter Diet Pills for Women
Diet Pills for Women That Actually Work
Diet Pills for Women That Work
Diet Pills for Women That Work Fast
Diet Pills Women
Most Effective Diet Pills for Women
Safe Diet Pills for Women
Top Rated Diet Pills for Women
Diet Whey Protein Powder
Whey Diet Protein Powder
Best Diet Whey Protein Powder
Cheap Diet Whey Protein
When to Take Diet Whey Protein
Cheap Diet Whey Protein Powder
Whey Protein Diet for Weight Loss
Whey Protein Diet Weight Loss
Whey Protein Powder Diet
Whey Protein Powder Diet Weight Loss
Whey Protein Weight Loss Diet
Slimming Solutions LTD
You have no items in your shopping cart.
Subtotal: £0.00
Search:
Slimming Teas
View all Slimming Teas
Teatox
Pu-erh Tea
Feiyan Tea
Oolong Tea
Mini Cleanse
Slimming Solutions Daytox
Slimming Solutions Sleeptox
Slimmer's Tea Pack
Teatox Plus
Boot Camp Body Active
Shape Up Bundle
The Boot Camp Body Weight Loss Collection
Diet Pills
View all Diet & Slimming Pills
Slim Bomb
Slim Bomb T5 Extreme
Detox Tablet by Slim Bomb
Boot Camp Body T6 Thermoblast
Thermatrim Plus
Fat Burner For Men
Glucomannan
Slim Bomb and Diet Patch Combo
Aloe Vera
Raspberry and Green Coffee Fusion
Pure Raspberry Ketone 600mg
Raspberry Ketone
Raspberry Ketone Colon Cleanse Combo
Slim Bomb Twinpack with Free Detox Tablet
Actislim Platinum
Medoslim
HRI Water Balance
Mini Cleanse
Shape Up Bundle
The Boot Camp Body Weight Loss Collection
Teatox Plus
Shredex
Vegan
View all Vegan
Shapewear
Spanx Shapewear
Spanx For Men
Waist Trainers
Trinny & Susannah
Cette
Belly Bandit
Plus Size Shapewear
Shapewear Clearance
Weight Loss Patches
View all Weight Loss Patches
The Diet Patch
Boot Camp Body Slimming Patches
Slim Bomb and Diet Patch Combo
Teatox Plus
Maple Syrup Diet plus Slimming Patches
Shape Up Bundle
Boot Camp Body Active
Body Wrap and Diet Patch Combo
Body Wraps
View all Body Wraps
Boot Camp Body Wrap
Boot Camp Body Accessories
Wrap Factor De Luxe for Women
Mens Body Wrap
His & Her's Body Wrap Kit
Maple Syrup Diet plus Body Wrap
Boot Camp Body Control
Boot Camp Body Smooth
Body Wrap and Diet Patch Combo
Detox
View all Detox Products
Slim Bomb Detox Tablet
Teatox
Min Cleanse
Lemon Detox Diet Maple Syrup Diet
Lemon Detox Full Hamper
Destination Detox
Lemon Detox Diet Rejuvenation Sensation
Slimming Solutions Daytox
Slimming Solutions Sleeptox
Teatox Plus
Maple Syrup Diet plus Slimming Patches
VLCD/Meal Replacements
View all VLCD Meal Replacements
Meal Replacement Shake by Boot Camp Body
The Boot Camp Body Weight Loss Collection
Mini Cleanse
5:2 Fasting Diet Shakes
Boot Camp Body Pink Shaker Bottle
Boot Camp Body Grey Shaker Bottles
Boot Camp Body Tape Measure
Men
View all Weight Loss For Men Products
Slimbomb For Men
Fat Burner For Men
Boot Camp Body Weight Loss Shake
Mens Body Wrap
Mini Cleanse
Esbelt Slimming Corset For Men
Esbelt Slimming Vest For Men
Spanx For Men Cotton Compression Tank
Spanx For Men Cotton Compression Crew
Spanx For Men Cotton Compression V-Neck
Spanx For Men Zoned Performance Tank
Spanx For Men Zoned Performance Crew
Spanx For Men Zoned Performance V-Neck
Spanx For Men Slim Waist Boxer Brief
Spanx For Men Slim Waist Trunk
Pelham & Strutt Core Long Sleeve
Pelham & Strutt Core Trunks
Equmen Core Precision Underwear Long Trunks
Beauty
View all Body Improvement Products
Up a Cup Breast Enlargement Pills
Varicose Vein Cream
Stretch Mark Erase
Boot Camp Body Cellufreeze
Boot Camp Body Smooth
Boot Camp Body
Boot Camp Body
View all Boot Camp Body Products
Boot Camp Body T6 Thermoblast
Boot Camp Body Weight Loss Patches
Wu Long Tea by Boot Camp Body
Body Camp Body 1 hour Inch Loss Wrap Kit
Boot Camp Body Diet Shake
5:2 Fasting Diet Shakes
Boot Camp Body Cellufreeze
Boot Camp Body Accessories
Boot Camp Body Active
Boot Camp Body Control
Boot Camp Body Smooth
New
View all New
Mummy Tummy Gel
Curves - Male Breast Enlargement
CBD Patch
CBD Pain Relief Cream
CBD Moisturising Face Cream
Ann Chery Dead Sea Mud Mask
Ann Chery Vitamin C Anti Aging Serum
Ann Chery Retinol Moisturiser Anti-Wrinkle and Anti-Aging Cream
Ann Chery Caffeine Cream
Ann Chery Slim Body Wrap
Navigation
Home
Privacy Policy
Slimming Solutions Privacy Policy
This privacy policy applies between you, the visitor to this website and/or user of our services and Slimming Solutions, the owner and provider of this website who also acts as a Data Controller under the General Data Protection Regulation (‘Slimming Solutions’) and the Data Protection Act 1998.
Slimming Solutions takes the privacy of your information very seriously. We have a few simple principles which we abide by in order to protect your privacy:
We only ask you for information which we genuinely need in order to provide you with a better service, for example your name and e-mail address if you want to enquire about our services; and
Unless legally obliged to do so we won’t share your information with anyone, other than for the standard running of our business. For example, for you to make payment for our services we would need to ask additional personal and financial information to give to our bank in order to process the transaction.
This privacy policy applies to our use of any and all data collected by us or provided by you in relation to your use of the website and/or the provision of our services to you. We aim to make our collection and use of your data as clear and as transparent as possible, but for brevity it has not been possible to list every circumstance in which we will use your data. We recommend that you read this privacy policy carefully. Any questions or queries you may have can be sent directly to us at:
customerservice@slimmingsolutions.co.uk; or
Office 13,Armadillo Business Centre,Industry Road,Newcastle Upon Tyne,NE6 5XB
Important Information Regarding Our Website and Services
This privacy policy applies only to the website of Slimming Solutions (slimmingsolutions.com) and does not extend to any websites that can be accessed from this Website. This includes, but is not limited to, any links we may provide, including to social media websites.
Cookies. In order for our website to function properly and to provide you with a pleasant user experience, it is necessary for us to use Cookies – small text files that are placed on your computer by the website. Visitors to our website who do not wish to have cookies placed on their computers should set their browser preferences to refuse cookies before accessing our website; although the website may then not work properly.
Information Collection on Our Website:
We collect information as follows::
Google Analytics. We may use Google Analytics to collect standard internet log information about visitors to our website. This is done in order to discover, for example, how many visitors we have to the website. The information is processed in such a way that visitors to our website are not identified, and we do not permit Google Analytics to process your information in a way which would allow you to be identified. You can read more about the use of Google Analytics and their privacy policy on their website.
Website Security. We use a third party hosting service to maintain the security and performance of our website, and in order to do this it is necessary to collect the Internet Protocol (‘IP’) address of visitors to our website.
Data Requested From You
In line with our principles, in addition to electronic data automatically collected when you use our website, in order to provide you with a service or to respond to any questions or queries you may have, we may request and collect the following data from you:
(a)     Name;
(b)     Location;
(c)     Contact Information such as email addresses and telephone numbers; and
(d)     Financial information such as credit/debit card numbers;
Our Use of Your Data
Where you have requested we provide you with a service, we will keep your data for the purposes of providing that service or for other closely related purposes. For example, where you purchase a service from us, we may e-mail you to ask you if you were happy with the service and if there is anything we can do to improve our service to you. We will never rent or sell any of the data you provide to us, and any third parties we use will only ever process your information for us on a need to know basis and in accordance with this privacy policy.
Other than data we are legally obliged to keep for longer periods, for example as regards taxation legislation, we will retain any data you submit to us for a period of one year. This includes e-mail correspondence. We take the security of your data very seriously. All of your data which we collect is stored securely with appropriate physical, managerial and electronic safeguards in accordance with the principles of the Slimming Solutions and any other applicable legislation.
Third Party Access to Your Data
We do not sell or lease your personal data/information to third parties unless we are required to do so by law. We distribute a limited amount of data only to third parties as defined below.
5.1. Google
We utilise both Google Analytics and Google Adwords to track and monitor users on our site. All data available to Google is anonymised, this is there is no personally identifiable information given. The data collected includes:
Device Information
Device Internet Protocol (IP) Address
Pages Visited
Duration of Visit
Referring Website
Order Total
Products Ordered
This data allows us to monitor what products and pages are popular and better tailor user experience around the data.
There is NO PERSONAL data sent, stored or given to Google.
5.2. Affiliate Scheme
We run an affiliate scheme. If you were referred to us via one of our affiliates then you will be tracked. The tracking includes reporting back to the affiliate the following:
Successful Order/Transaction
Order/Transaction Total
Referring Website
This data allows us to correctly identify our affiliate referrers.
Ve Global is an affiliate with whom we are sharing personal data. You can view the Ve Global privacy policy by clicking here.
There is NO PERSONAL data sent, stored or given to Affiliates.
5.3. Cart Recovery Affiliate
Our Cart Recovery Affiliate monitors our checkout process for abandonment and then asks failed customers if they require help with the process etc. The affiliate securely collects the following information:
Your Name
Your Email Address
The affiliate does not knowingly store any information of under 18's. They only store the information for 90 days and are securely transmitted over HTTPS.
Some personal data is securely sent to our Cart Recovery Affiliate and is stored for 90 days.
5.4. SagePay
To make sure that all payments are processed correctly and securely, we make use of a payment gateway for internet and telephone orders, this means that we (SSRTP Ltd.) do NOT STORE payment details such as credit and debit card numbers. Our Payment processing gateway is SagePay.
SagePay securely collect the following details:
Your Name
Your Address
Your Email Address
Your Payment/Bank Details
Any Payment/Bank Security Procedures
SagePay are PCI DSS Secure and has direct contact with most banks worldwide.
Sensitive and Personal data is securely sent to SagePay directly by you and NOT via our site or servers.
5.5. Couriers
So we can get your order delivered we have to share some of your details with our couriers, we only supply the information necessary and only to the courier for the delivery method requested. Our couriers can change from time to time depending on availability and delivery destinations.
Information supplied to couriers includes:
Your Name
Your Address
Your Email Address
You Telephone Number
Some personal data is securely sent to our couriers and only retained by them for as long as necessary.
5.6. Links
Our website may contain links to relevant third party websites; however we cannot guarantee the content on these websites. You visit any third party website at your own risk and we cannot be responsible for your privacy, the content accessible on such sites, they are also not governed by our terms and conditions and our privacy policy.
PCI DSS
We are PCI DSS Compliant and can be validated with TrustWave.
Our payment provider and our data centre are also PCI-DSS Compliant.
Your Access to Your Data which is Held by Us
Under the Data Protection Act you have the right to ask for a ‘Subject Access Request’-  being a copy of your personal data held by us. Where we do hold such data on you we will provide you with a copy of the data we hold on you. This will be in a commonly used machine readable file where you request us to e-mail the information to you. We will also give you a description of the data, tell you why we are holding it and tell you who we could have disclosed it to. We do not charge to provide you with this information.
Where data we hold on you is incorrect we will rectify the data. We will also stop processing data on your request and you may also request that we delete the data held on you, though we may have to retain data for a certain length of time for legal purposes, for example tax legislation.
Transfers outside the European Economic Area (‘EEA’)
Some of our third party service providers may be located out-with the EEA. Therefore personal data which we collect from you may be stored, processed in and transferred to such countries, which may not have as stringent data protection laws as found in the EEA. If we transfer your data outside the EEA in this way, we will ensure that the third party provider which we use is compliant with the Slimming Solutions and that your privacy continues to be protected as outlined in this privacy policy.
Changes to Our Privacy Policy
Although any changes are likely to be minor, we reserve the right to change and update this privacy policy as we may deem necessary from time to time or as may be required by law. Your continued use of this website after any changes means you are deemed to have accepted any change to the terms of this privacy policy. As and when any changes occur, they will be set out on a change log. There are currently no changes. This is version 2 as at 17 May 2018.
Governing Law and Jurisdiction
This privacy policy governed by English law and any disputes will be subject to the exclusive jurisdiction of the English courts.
Your Rights and Control
Your rights are not affected by anything outlined in this privacy policy.
This Statement is intended to comply with the provisions of the General Data Protection Regulation EU 2016/679 (GDPR) which governs how Personal Data is processed within the European Economic Area (EEA).
You can control/restrict the collection or use of your data in the following ways:
If you have previously agreed to disclose information to ourselves for direct marketing purposes, you may change your mind and unsubscribe at any time. You can do this by writing to us, emailing us or using the unsubscribe link contained in the marketing emails.
Under legislation defined in the Data Protection Act (1998) you may request a copy of all information that we hold on you that is older than 90 days. This request for personal information only and will require some form of identification. Please post or email us for us to start the process to fulfil your request.
If you believe any data we hold on you is incorrect then please contact us any corrections and we will update your details as necessary.
About Us
Full Name
SSRTP Ltd
Company No.
11620312
VAT No.
309605702
Address
Slimming Solutions,Office 13, Armadillo Business Centre, Industry Road, Newcastle Upon Tyne NE6 5XB
United Kingdom
Tel. Number
0191 224 9482
Fax Number
0191 2965710
Email
customerservice@slimmingsolutions.co.uk
Free Program
Why Shop At Slimming Solutions?
At Slimming Solutions, we are completely focused on the quality of our products and our customer relations. Our reputation has grown in our 20 years of trading and we understand the need to provide our customers with top quality, competitively priced products that bring about good results. 85% of our orders are from repeat visitors to the site or from word of mouth recommendations.
Competitive Pricing
Same Day Dispatch
Easy Returns
20 Years in Business
Next Day Delivery Available
Info and Orderline 01912289482
Secure Website
Award winning
Awards
Home |
Delivery |
Terms & Conditions |
Privacy Policy |
Returns Policy |
Trade Orders |
Site map |
Contact |
Help
Stay Social
#SlimmingSolutions
Subscribe
Sign up for free weight loss offers
First Name
Last Name
Email Address
Secure Shopping
This website and its content is copyright of SSRTP Ltd - © SSRTP 2020. Company No. 11620312. Vat No. 309605702. All rights reserved.
Disclaimer & Consumer Advice:
All testimonies found on this website are 100% genuine. Actual results may vary per individual, and should be used inconjunction with a proper nutritionally balanced diet plan and exercise regime. The statements made on our websites have not been evaluated by the MHRA or FDA (U.S. Food & Drug Administration). These products are not intended to diagnose,cure or prevent any disease. You should consult with a healthcare professional before starting any diet, exercise or supplementation program, before taking any medication, or if you have or suspect you might have a health problem. Our dietary supplements are not recommended for persons under the age of 18 unless recommended by a GP.