http://www.theworldofpens.com/privacy-policy/
Home
Privacy Policy
Privacy Policy
At The World of Pens, we are dedicated to keeping your personal information private. In keeping with this goal, we also want you to stay informed concerning your privacy as you use www.theworldofpens.com we have created this privacy statement in order to demonstrate our firm commitment to privacy. The following discloses our information gathering and dissemination practices.
Information Collection and Use
The World of Pens is the sole owner of the information collected on this site. We will not sell, share, or rent this information to others in ways different from what is disclosed in this statement. The World of Pens collects information from the users at several different points on our website.
We ask visitors to provide contact information (like their email address), financial information (like their account or credit card numbers), and demographic information (like their zip code). We utilize this information in order to provide products and services that are relevant and useful to the user. Contact information from order forms is used to send orders and information about our company and our partners to our customers. The customer's contact information is also used to get in touch with the visitor when necessary, such as when servicing of our products is needed. We also use these data to tailor the visitors' experiences at our website, show content that might interest them, and display content in accordance with their preferences. Email id’s will be shared with our marketing department to send emailers since you are our valued customer member so we would like to send offers, new arrivals and other use full information about products through e mailers. Users may opt-out of receiving future mailings; see the choice/opt-out section below.
Financial information that is collected is used to bill the user for products and services. Unique identifiers (such as email address, phone number, or street address) are collected from Web site visitors to verify the user's identity and for use as account numbers in our record system, and are not shared with third parties without the user's explicit permission.
This information is used to contact the user about the services on our site for which they have expressed interest.
Personalization Forms
Some of our Website pages offer personalization forms. These forms request users to give us contact information (name and e-mail address), unique identifiers (street address), and demographic information (zip code). We use customer contact information from the personalization form to send the user promotional material.
Order Forms
We request information from the user on our product order forms. Here you must provide contact information (like name and address), demographic information (like a current and previous addresses), and financial information (like credit card number, expiration date). When you purchase one of our products online, the information we have collected is used for authentication and billing. We use your full name and current address, telephone number (in case we need to contact you due to a problem with your order), and a valid credit card number to process your order.
Third Party Advertisers and Cookies
A cookie is a piece of data stored on the user's hard drive containing information about the user. Currently, we use cookies in the process of tracking aggregate traffic statistics on our site. We also use cookies to make sure you we deliver content specific to your interests. Some of our business partners may use cookies on our site (for example, advertisers). However, we have no access to or control over these cookies.
Security
All credit/debit cards details and personally identifiable information will NOT be stored, sold, shared, rented or leased to any third parties.
The Website Policies and Terms & Conditions may be changed or updated occasionally to meet the requirements and standards. Therefore the Customers are encouraged to frequently visit these sections in order to be updated about the changes on the website. Modifications will be effective on the day they are posted.
Special Offers
From time to time our site requests information from users via surveys. Participation in these surveys or contests is completely voluntary and the user therefore has a choice whether or not to disclose this information. Information requested may include contact information (such as name and shipping address), and demographic information (such as zip code, age level). Contact information will be used to notify the winners and award prizes. Survey information will be used for purposes of monitoring or improving the use and satisfaction of this site.
Established members will occasionally receive information on products, services, special offers, or a newsletter. Out of respect for the privacy of our users, we present the option not to receive these types of communications. Please see our choice and opt-out below.
Correcting/Updating Personal Information
If your personally identifiable information changes (such as an address), or if you no longer desire our service, we will endeavor to provide a way to correct, update or remove that user's personal data provided to us. This can usually be done by contacting us at penworld@eim.ae.com or by visiting the "My Account" feature on our site.
Un Subscribe form mailing list
Click on the unsubscribe option on the mailer you receive from us or write to penworld@eim.ae to remove yourself from our mailing list.
Contacting Our Website
If you have any questions about this privacy statement, the practices of this site, or your dealings with this Web site, you can contact penworld@eim.ae