http://www.jjjink.com/privacy-policy
Who We Are
Our Work
Design Studio
Customer Stores
Howell Spirit Wear
Catalogs
Specials
Product Education
Pay Online
FAQ
Contact Us
Privacy Policy
To contact our organization, use the following information.Art Coloma, President, acoloma@jjjink.comJoe Durbin, Operations Manager, jdurbin@jjjink.comBecause we want to demonstrate our commitment to our users’ privacy, we disclose all of the information we collect, why we collect it, and what we do with the it.Information is collected for the following purposes.Completing an activity or transactionWebsite and system administrationResearch and DevelopmentContact users for marketingThe following organizations have access to the information we collect: OurselvesIf you are concerned about your personal information we collect, contact us using the information contained in this policy. Our web site uses cookies to enhance how it operates and ensure we better serve our visitors. Our servers automatically collect logs that may record statistical information such as visitors' IP addresses, type of operating systems, time of visit, web pages requested, etc., and identify categories of visitors by items such as domains and browser types. These usage statistics are are used to improve our websites and maintain site security.The website collects the following types of information.Financial informationWeb Navigation informationComputer system informationIf you have a question about our privacy policy, or you would like to dispute any information collected contact us using the information contained in this policy. At J.J. Jinkleheimer & Co. we respect your right to privacy and we understand that, as a visitor to www.jjjink.com, you prefer to control your own personal information and preferences. For this reason, we may ask you to register or to provide personal information and preferences when you visit certain areas of www.jjjink.com, access personal files, utilize our software, request information, or subscribe to our newsletter.We will guard the personal information you share with us to ensure the content, services, and advertising that we provide on www.jjjink.com are always tailored to your current, designated preferences.When you provide J.J. Jinkleheimer & Co. with your name (or alias), e-mail address, mailing address, or telephone number, and you do not 'opt out,' J.J. Jinkleheimer & Co. and J.J. Jinkleheimer & Co. representatives, and affiliates may use the provided information to alert you to new products, special offers, updated information, events, new services, and other J.J. Jinkleheimer & Co. information. Representatives and affiliates may include manufacturers and authorized vendor partners. Beyond its representatives and affiliates, J.J. Jinkleheimer & Co. does not offer or allow the selling of any user-provided information to third parties.J.J. Jinkleheimer & Co. respects the rights users give us when opting to receive e-mail communications and enforces internal policies to preserve those rights. It is our objective to retain the long-term ability to continue to communicate with our users.If you do not want J.J. Jinkleheimer & Co. or J.J. Jinkleheimer & Co. representatives to contact you, you may "opt out" of this preference at any time, whether you're online or contacting J.J. Jinkleheimer & Co. directly. As part of your preference flexibility, you'll always have the option to opt back in and have J.J. Jinkleheimer & Co. contact you based on your previous or new preferences. For instructions, please see the section "Contact Us," below.If you choose not to register or provide personal information, you can still utilize our website; however, you will not have access to areas that require personal identification.If a user elects to use our “Tell A Friend” application for forwarding a J.J. Jinkleheimer & Co. e-mail to their friend or informing a friend about our website, we ask them for the friend’s name and e-mail address. J.J. Jinkleheimer & Co. will automatically send the friend the specified e-mail or the specified website information. J.J. Jinkleheimer & Co. will not use the friend's information to contact them in the future.J.J. Jinkleheimer & Co. offers free access and private customer profile sections to all www.jjjink.com visitors. In order to establish profiles, visitors are requested to provide both personal information and preferences. This information is stored and protected by your user-established Email and Password.By registering, you allow J.J. Jinkleheimer & Co. to store your email and password so you can access certain areas of the website without re-signing in. The sign-in information is stored until you explicitly sign out. It also allows you to return to www.jjjink.com website on subsequent visits without having to re-enter your information. J.J. Jinkleheimer & Co. remembers you by placing a log file (cookie) that contains only enough information to identify you upon return visits. A "cookie" is a small line of text that is stored with your web browser for record-keeping purposes and helps J.J. Jinkleheimer & Co. provide better service to you. Your browser has options to accept, reject, or provide you with notice when a cookie is sent.No information, other than that found in the Profile cookie, will be accessed by any J.J. Jinkleheimer & Co. system. Access to your profile information always requires both your Email and Password.J.J. Jinkleheimer & Co. also utilizes visitor log files (cookies) and hosted tracking with our website. Once a user enters our site, a cookie follows them through their click stream path. Examples of information being collected by these cookies and the hosted tracking include the number of times a user came to our site(s), and the paths they took to get there. J.J. Jinkleheimer & Co. uses the data collected from website visitor cookies and hosted tracking in aggregate form only and does not collect any personally identifiable information. Use of this information helps us better understand what users are seeking and learning at our website(s) and helps us identify potential navigation issues.We also gauge effectiveness of our communications by inserting transparent GIF images in our HTML e-mails. These GIF files are not unique identifiers and do not gather any personally identifiable information. They simply let us know the number of e-mails that have been opened.J.J. Jinkleheimer & Co. will always protect the personal information that you share with us. J.J. Jinkleheimer & Co. stores information internally in a controlled, secure environment. If, for example, you make a purchase online, we route all transactions through SSL (Secure Socket Layers) and will process your credit card number only to secure your current payment. The SSL transaction does not retain your credit card number subsequent to the transaction at hand and will not use the number for marketing purposes.We occasionally hire other companies to provide limited services on our behalf, including packaging, mailing and delivering purchases, answering customer questions about products or services, sending postal mail and processing event registration. We will only provide those companies the information they need to deliver the service, and they are prohibited from using that information for any other purpose.If J.J. Jinkleheimer & Co. requests general demographic information, this information is limited to reporting purposes only; members remain anonymous. Phone numbers, e-mail addresses, and postal addresses are not shared for demographic reports with outside entities. J.J. Jinkleheimer & Co. may occasionally present a special contest or promotion that is sponsored by another company. To qualify for entry, we may ask you to provide personal information. If we plan to share that information with the sponsor(s), we will provide an up-front statement to that effect.Though we make every effort to preserve user privacy, we may need to disclose personal information when required by law wherein we have a good-faith belief that such action is necessary to comply with a current judicial proceeding, a court order or legal process served on our website.Security is one of our highest priorities, and J.J. Jinkleheimer & Co. understands that security is important to our customers as well.How to update your personal information and preferences: You can help J.J. Jinkleheimer & Co. maintain the accuracy of your personal information by notifying us when you change your name, address, title, phone number, e-mail address, or your content preferences. If at any time you wish to update your information or preferences, or you prefer to stop receiving communication from J.J. Jinkleheimer & Co., feel free to contact us at any time.Onlinewww.jjjink.comE-mail:Art Coloma, President, acoloma@jjjink.comJoe Durbin, Operations Manager, jdurbin@jjjink.comShipping Address2705 E. Grand River Ave.Howell, MI 48843 If you change your e-mail or postal address, please contact J.J. Jinkleheimer & Co.. In order to make the appropriate corrections, please include both your old and new address. J.J. Jinkleheimer & Co. will respond to your request in a reasonable timeframe. J.J. Jinkleheimer & Co. would like to receive your comments and questions about this Privacy Policy: Please address comments or questions regarding J.J. Jinkleheimer & Co. Privacy Policy to one of the addresses listed above (online, e-mail, or postal mail). J.J. Jinkleheimer & Co. may occasionally update, amend, or change this Privacy Policy based on user feedback and as needed or appropriate. If we decide to materially change our privacy policy, we will post those changes to this privacy statement, and will e-mail the information to our users so that they are always aware of what information we collect, how we use it, and under what circumstances, if any, we disclose it. We will use information in accordance with the privacy policy under which the information was collected. Users will always have a choice as to whether or not we use their information in accordance with, and in respect to, the posted privacy policy. If users have opted out of all communication with the site, or deleted/deactivated their account, then they will not be contacted. www.jjjink.com website may contain links to other sites. J.J. Jinkleheimer & Co. assumes no responsibility for the content or the privacy policies and practices of such websites. J.J. Jinkleheimer & Co. encourages you to read the privacy statements of these linked sites; their privacy practices may differ from ours. J.J. Jinkleheimer & Co. has a 100% satisfaction guarantee. We will gladly take back any unlogoed order that does not meet your requirements within 30 days of receiving the merchandise. If you wish to return an item, please contact your J.J. Jinkleheimer & Co. Customer Service Representative. DO NOT return the items to an address on the packing materials or website. Your J.J. Jinkleheimer & Co. Customer Service Representative will provide the shipping information to you. 1. Garments must be returned within 10 days of receipt of merchandise. Please return merchandise in original packaging.2. We are unable to accept merchandise that has been worn or washed.3. For your protection we recommend that you insure your package with the shipper.4. If you are exchanging merchandise please include a money order or credit card number for return shipping. Please send returns/exchanges to:J.J. Jinkleheimer & Co.2705 East Grand RiverHowell MI, 48843Attn: J.J. Jinkleheimer & Co. Please contact us with any questions. All damages must be reported within 48 hours of delivery. Please keep all original paperwork and packaging for your claim. Please contact us immediately to report the problem.