http://www.graceframe.com/en/page/shipping-policy
English
English
Dealer Locations
United States
Australia
Canada
Europe
Africa
Asia
South America
Login   /  Register
Facebook
Twitter
GooglePlus
Pinterest
Instagram
+1 (800) 264-0644
info@graceframe.com
Copyright
Privacy Policy
Returns
Shipping Policy
Terms Conditions
Warranty
Categories
Shipping Policy
Home
Shipping Policy
For select items, we offer an Estimated Delivery Date during checkout. An Estimated Delivery Date is a calculation of several factors, including item availability, processing time in our warehouse, the shipping method you select and the shipping destination. When we can accurately calculate Estimated Delivery Dates, we’ll provide them to you during checkout, as well as in your Order Confirmation email and in the My Account section on the website. Please note that Estimated Delivery Dates are estimates only, and are not guaranteed. Also, if using our Pay in Store payment option, shipping is dependent upon your payment in full at the store. A good rule of thumb is to add 2 additional days if using that option. The delivery time for your order depends on the shipping method you select. We offer several different shipping methods. The choices available depend on…
The item(s) purchased. The in-stock availability of the product. The destination address.Each shipping method has its own restrictions and charges that will be applied to your order. This is based upon a simple calculation of order processing time and actual shipping time in business days. Please note that business days are Monday through Friday, excluding Federal holidays within the United States. Calculating estimated shipping dates is based on several factors, including your destination address and how quickly we can obtain and assemble items for your shipment (the “usually ships within” time is listed on a product’s detail page to help you gauge how quickly we can ship your order out). To calculate your delivery estimate, simply take the time called out in the “Availability” section on the product detail page (“Usually leaves warehouse in…” or what we refer to as “Processing Time”) and add the time it takes a package to travel from our facilities to your destination address, based on the shipping method you’ve selected. Please note that orders for multiple items or multiple copies of a single item may take longer to assemble before we’re able to ship them to you. Also, please don’t forget to add 2 additional days to the “Usually leaves warehouse in/Processing time” timeframe if using our Pay in Store payment option.How Are Oversized Items Handled?
Some heavy or oddly shaped items must be shipped alone using a freight trucking company. Usually, oversized Items arrive in 7-14 full business days after leaving our warehouse. Business days are Monday thru Friday, excluding federal holidays within the United States. Some larger and heavier items can only be sent via ground freight, and it’s important to note that the freight trucking company is not responsible for unloading the item from the truck, or carrying the item inside. Since the item is likely to be heavy and large, we recommend that you have someone with you to help you unload the item. If you are sending this item as a gift, please include the recipient’s phone number so the recipient can be contacted in the event the delivery needs to be scheduled.   Are There Any Rules And Restrictions I Should Know About?
Please be aware of the following in order to assist you with your shipping selections and needs:
Orders are shipped on business days only (Monday through Friday) excluding federal holidays within the United States. Your order must be received and your credit card authorized by 12:00 p.m. (noon) EST or your order will not be processed until the following business day. This applies to all shipping methods, including Express Shipping. Expedited Shipping and Express Shipping orders require a street address. Orders paid for with our Pay in Store payment option will not ship until paid in full at our stores. You will be provided with 48 hours in which to pay for your order or your order will be automatically cancelled. Items shipped to the following destinations may only be shipped via the UPS Postal Service and cannot be expedited: Please note that not all items are eligible to ship to APO/FPO/PO Box addresses. Please check individual product detail pages for restrictions.
Please allow for additional shipping and handling time for all oversized products shipping via a freight trucking company.   How Do I Track My Order?
Easy! Tracking numbers are assigned to packages at our warehouse almost immediately, and generally appear on our website along with your order information. It is possible that it may take up to 48 hours or longer before the package is checked into the carrier’s tracking system. This basically means that even though your package has leftour warehouse, the carrier may not be able to provide any information about your package for up to 48 hours or more. To access tracking simply login to the account you created when you purchased the items and look in the tracking section of my account and you will find the information you will need to get the status of your package. Orders placed on our websites may be delivered by one of several different carriers and shipping methods, therefore, tracking availability may vary depending on:
The type of product you purchased The ‘How to get it’ method you selected during checkout The carrier that is delivering your product(s).
Occasionally, orders are delivered via a carrier that does not offer the ability to track a package. In these rare instances, “Order Status / Tracking” on the website will not offer tracking information, but will still offer order status and other details. Store Pickup orders will not be assigned tracking numbers. Order status for Store Pickup orders will be available within 15 minutes in the “Order Status/Tracking” area of our website. Order status will also be communicated via the order emails.   How is order status different from tracking information?
Your Order Status is supplied by us, and represents what is happening with your order between the time you place it and the time it ships from our warehouse. Once your order leaves our warehouse, it is handled by a carrier (such as FedEx, USPS or UPS) that may provide Tracking Information which will allow you to keep track of your order from the time it leaves our warehouse to the time it reaches its destination*. The tracking information is accessible from “My Accout / Tracking” on our website when it becomes available. *Carrier-provided tracking information may not be available for up to 48 hours after a product is shipped from our warehouse.   What if the estimated delivery date has passed and I still don’t have my order?
Please note that Estimated Delivery Dates are estimates only, and are not guaranteed. Due to many factors, Estimated Delivery Dates can also change between the time you place the order and receive an order confirmation. We do our best to provide accurate estimates and provide you with several other resources for tracking your order, such as order detail and tracking links. It’s also important to note that if you selected our Pay in Store payment option, your order will not ship until payment is received in full. Orders that are shipped via a trackable method (such as UPS) will have tracking information available in Your Account. Please check this information if available and read through the following options:
If the tracking information indicates the package has been delivered, please check with your neighbors or family members. Packages are occasionally left with neighbors, a building manager, or are placed somewhere relatively safe such as your porch, garage, or even behind bushes. If the tracking information indicates the package is being returned to us, or if the address is incorrect, it may have been undeliverable.
If there is no tracking information, or you cannot locate the package and it is not being returned as undeliverable, please feel free to contact an online customer service specialist for assistance at support@graceframe.com
Pages
Terms Conditions
Privacy Policy
Cookie Policy
Returns
Copyright
Shipping Policy
Warranty