https://www.karaditales.com/terms-of-use/
LoginAccount My Cart My AccountFacebookTwitterInstagramYouTube
Home shopPicture Books Audio Books The PARI Series Bilingual Books USB Packs Tactile Books Board Books
Blog ABOUTKARADI TALESAbout Us AWARDS AND RECOGNITION CONTACT US NEWSLETTER TESTIMONIALS
SALES AND DISTRIBUTION FOREIGN RIGHTS CATALOGUES SUBMISSIONSAUTHORS ILLUSTRATORS STORYTELLERS
CSRFOR LIBRARIANS Karadi Cultural Alliance Trust
CAREERSJOBS INTERNSHIPS
Karadi in the Classroom FOR LIBRARIES GGBB movie Animation
Welcome to karaditales.com (“karaditales.com”), “Karadi Tales”, “us”, “we”, “our” “site”). We encourage you to take advantage of the content and features available on karaditales.com and all Karadi Tales owned and managed websites (each, a “Site”).
The following Terms of Service are applied when Karadi Tales offers you access to our website. Any reference to access to our website in the agreement below is not limited to karaditales.com and also refers to access to our platform in any form or format.
Please read these non-negotiable terms of use carefully before using the website. By continuing to use the website, you (the “user”) agree to be bound by these terms of use.
These Terms of Use (as defined herein below) are made between Karadi Tales and you as a “Site Visitor” and/or “User.” By using and/or visiting this website (“Karadi Tales”), collectively, including all content available through the karaditales.com domain name, (the “Website” or “Site”) you agree to be legally bound by both these terms and conditions (“Terms of Use”) and the terms and conditions of Karadi Tales’s Privacy Policy (the “Privacy Policy”) and to any additional terms, guidelines, policies, restrictions, or rules that may be posted in connection with specific sections or services of this Site, which are published on the Website for reference.
By using this Site, you represent and warrant that you are over the age of 18 and are lawfully able to accept these Terms. If you are using the Site on behalf of any other person/s (including individuals) or entity (including bodies corporate and unincorporated), you further represent and warrant that you are authorized to accept these Terms on such entity’s/person’s behalf, and that such entity agrees to indemnify Karadi Tales for violations of these Terms.
Karadi Tales reserves the right, at its sole discretion, to change, modify, add or remove portions of these Terms of Use, at any time. Your continued use of the Site following the posting of changes will mean that you accept and agree to the changes. As long as you comply with these Terms of Use, Karadi Tales grants you a personal, non-exclusive, non-transferable, limited privilege to enter and use the Site.
APPLICABLE LAW
You agree that all matters relating to your access to or use of the Karadi Tales, including all disputes, will be governed by the laws of India without regard to its conflicts of laws provisions. This Agreement shall be deemed to have been made and executed at Chennai, India, and in all respects shall be interpreted, construed and governed by and in accordance with laws of India with exclusive jurisdiction of the Courts at Chennai, India, and all disputes arising out of or in connection with this Agreement shall be subject to Governing Laws of the Courts of Chennai, India. You agree to the personal jurisdiction by and venue in the courts at Chennai and waive any objection to such jurisdiction or venue.
CHANGES TO THESE TERMS OF USE
Karadi Tales reserves the right, at its sole discretion, to change, modify, add or remove portions of these Terms of Use, at any time and in any or all of the content, products, features and services or change/charge any fees or charges for use of the services contained on the Website or any policy or guideline of the Site, at any time and in its sole discretion. Any changes will become effective on the date it is notified as having become effective and/or on posting on the Site. Your continued use of the Site following the posting of changes will constitute your acceptance of such changes. It is your responsibility to check these Terms of Use and Privacy Policy periodically for changes. We encourage you to review the Site Terms whenever you visit the website. If at any time you choose not to accept these Terms, including following any such modifications hereto, then please do not use the Site.
THE PROVISIONS GOVERNING YOUR USE OF www.karaditales.com:
Karadi Tales is an online site and has its principal place of business at Chennai, India. Please note that these Terms of Use apply to all Users of the Website, including Users who are also contributors of content, information, and other materials or services on the Website and also to those operating out of a location outside of Chennai, India.
COMMENCEMENT OF SERVICE
The Service shall be deemed to have commenced on the “Date of Commencement” of service. “Date of Commencement” is the date indicating the acceptance by the user to use the services of Karadi Tales Acceptance is indicated by accessing, browsing or otherwise using www.karaditales.com
RIGHTS TO WEBSITE AND CONTENTS THEREOF
This Site is owned and operated by Karadi Tales. All the content featured or displayed on this Site, including, but not limited to, text, graphics, data, user interfaces, visual interfaces, trademarks, logos, artwork, computer code, images (photographic and moving), illustrations, information, software and selection and arrangement thereof (the “Content”), is owned, lawfully licensed or is used as available from the public domain by Karadi Tales.
All elements of this website, including, but without limitation, the general design and the Content thereof, are protected by copyright, moral rights, trademark and other laws related to the protection of intellectual property rights. Except for, as explicitly permitted under these Terms, or other written license or agreement with Karadi Tales, no portion or element of this Site or its content may be copied or retransmitted via any means. All related rights shall remain the exclusive property of Karadi Tales, its licensors or its third-party data partners.
COLLECTION OF PERSONAL INFORMATION
In the course of delivering this site to you, Karadi Tales does NOT collect any personally identifiable information about you, such as your name, address, phone number or email without your knowledge.
USING THE WEBSITE (REVIEWS, RATINGS, COMMENTS AND COMMUNICATIONS)
Karadi Tales provides services and content, including, but without limitation, reviews, informational articles for individuals, and other platforms for discussion. Your use of any of the aforementioned content or any content of Karadi Tales to post reviews, ratings and comments about Karadi Tales services and also about the products listed at Karadi Tales is subject to additional terms and conditions as mentioned herein.
This Site and its Content are intended for Users of www.karaditales.com. You may not use this Site or the content for any purpose, which is not related to your business with www.karaditales.com. You shall use the Service only for the purpose for which it is subscribed. It is also clarified that if there are any issues, claims or violations of these Terms then in addition to the right to indemnity available to Karadi Tales, Karadi Tales shall have the right to take appropriate legal recourse available against you and immediately revoke any usernames, passwords or other permissions that may have been granted by www.karaditales.com or the use of this Site.
You are solely responsible for the content of any transmissions you make to the Site and any publishing, updating, sharing or retransmitting of data added to the Site by you (in case of available access) or, data including but not limited to transmissions like your Reviews, Ratings, Comments, Messages posted by you (the “Communications”). Karadi Tales does not endorse or accept any of your Communication as representative of Karadi Tales’s views.
You are specifically prohibited from, in relation to and including, but without limitation, to Karadi Tales or any other User or a third party: (i) downloading, copying, printing, duplicating, deleting, varying, uploading, publishing, updating, sharing or retransmitting any or all of the Site or the Content without, or in violation of, a written license or agreement with Karadi Tales; or amend or use any data or personal information posted by any User on Karadi Tales except such data and information which is posted by the particular User himself/herself. (ii) using any data mining or similar data gathering or extraction methods; (iii) manipulating or otherwise displaying the site or the content by using, framing or similar navigational technology that contains software viruses or any other computer code, files or programs designed to interrupt, destroy or limit the functionality of any computer resource or into the internet or Karadi Tales network system; (iv)using the Site or Content other than for its intended purpose, or making any unauthorized commercial use of the Service. Such unauthorized use may also include, without limitation, use of material protected by patent, copyright, trademark, and/or other intellectual property right. Such unauthorized use may also violate applicable laws including without limitation copyright and trademark laws, the laws of privacy and publicity, and applicable communications regulations and statutes, (v) uploading, publishing, updating, sharing or retransmitting any data which is grossly harmful, harassing, blasphemous, defamatory, obscene, pornographic, paedophilic, libellous, hateful, or racially, sexually explicit, ethnically objectionable, disparaging, relating to or encouraging money laundering or gambling, contains medical advice, or otherwise unlawful in any manner whatever; harming minors in any way; (vi) You represent and warrant that you will comply with all applicable regulations, including, without limitation, those relating to the internet, data, e-mail, privacy and the transmission of technical data exported from India or the Country in which you reside, (xi) You agree not to make use of anyone else’s information other than as necessary to complete any transactions in which you are involved.
Karadi Tales has the right, but not the obligation to monitor and edit or remove any content posted by you as your communication. However, Karadi Tales reserves the right, but has no obligation, to monitor and edit, modify or delete any Communications (or portions thereof) which Karadi Tales in its sole discretion deems inappropriate, offensive or contrary to any Karadi Tales policy, or that violate these terms.
REGISTRATION AND SECURITY:
Certain features or services offered on or through the Site may require you to create an account (including setting up a User ID and password). You are entirely responsible for maintaining the confidentiality of your account information, including your password, and for any and all activity that occurs under your account. You may never use another user’s account without permission. When creating your account, you must provide accurate and complete information. You are solely responsible for the activity that occurs on your account, and you must keep your account password secure. You must notify Karadi Tales immediately of any breach of security or unauthorized use of your account. Although Karadi Tales will not be liable for any losses caused by unauthorized use of your account, you may be liable for the losses to Karadi Tales or others due to such unauthorized use. In consideration of your use of the Website and services, you agree, where information is requested, to provide true, accurate, current, and complete information about yourself, and to maintain and update it promptly. You agree that if any information you provide is false, inaccurate, not current, or incomplete, we may terminate your use of the Website and/or the services. You are responsible for maintaining the confidentiality of your password, and agree not to transfer your use of or access to the Website or services to any third party. You are fully responsible for all activities that occur under your password or user name, including, without limitation, purchases. You agree to (a) immediately notify us of any unauthorized use of your password or user name or any other breach of security, and (b) ensure that you exit from your account at the end of each session. We are not liable for any loss or damage arising from your failure to comply with all of the foregoing obligations.
You may not enter, select or use a false name or an email address owned or controlled by another person with the intent to impersonate that person or use as a User ID, a name subject to any rights of another person without appropriate authorization. Karadi Tales reserves the right to refuse registration of, or cancel a User ID at its discretion.
The Website, including the services provided on the Website, are for the personal use of users only and may not be used in connection with any commercial endeavours except those that are specifically endorsed or approved by Karadi Tales. Illegal and/or unauthorized use of the Website, including collecting usernames and/or email addresses of users by electronic or other means for the purpose of sending unsolicited email or unauthorized framing of or linking to the Website is prohibited. Commercial advertisements, affiliate links, and other forms of solicitation may be removed from member profiles without notice and may result in termination of membership privileges. Appropriate legal action will be taken for any illegal or unauthorized use of Karadi Tales’s services and offerings.
MAINTENANCE
Because of the nature of the Internet, Karadi Tales might have to carry out system maintenance and/or upgrading and/or testing and/or repairs and/or other related work (the “Maintenance”). Karadi Tales may at its sole discretion and without assigning any reason whatsoever at any time deactivate and/or suspend the User’s access to Karadi Tales and/or the Services (as the case may be) without notice to carry out Maintenance. Without prejudice to any other provisions of this Agreement, Karadi Tales shall not be liable for any loss and/or damage and/or costs and/or expense that the User may suffer or incur, as a result of such deactivation and/or suspension.
You understand that Karadi Tales has the right at all times to disclose any information (including the identity of the persons providing information or materials on the Site) as necessary to satisfy any law, regulation or valid governmental request. This may include, without limitation, disclosure of the information in connection with investigation of alleged illegal activity or solicitation of illegal activity or in response to a lawful court order or subpoena. In addition, we can (and you hereby expressly authorize us to) disclose any information about you to law enforcement or other government officials, as we, in our sole discretion, believe necessary or appropriate.
INDEMNITY
You agree to defend, indemnify and hold harmless Karadi Tales, its respective proprietors, its affiliates, licensors, employees, agents, officers, members, representatives, attorneys, successors, assigns, third party information providers, other third party persons and independent contractors against any claims, losses, damages, costs, liabilities, proceedings, injuries and expenses (including, but not limited to, reasonable attorneys’ fees and litigation expenses) arising out of or related to any of your Communication, or otherwise transmission of data through the Site, your conduct, any breach by you of these Terms, or of any representation or warranty contained herein, your unauthorized use of the Content or the site, or your violation of any rights of another.
WAIVER
The actions of Karadi Tales, other than an express written waiver or amendment, shall not be construed as a waiver or amendment of any of these Terms. If any clause in these Terms is found to be unenforceable, wherever possible, it will not affect any other clause and each will remain in full force and effect. We reserve the right to change these Terms, the Content displayed on the Site, any license contained on the Site and any other information or license terms without prior notice. These Terms set out the entire agreement between Karadi Tales and you relating to your use of this Site. Any rights not expressly granted herein are reserved.
TRANSFER
We may transfer this contract at any time to any parent, subsidiary, or any affiliated company, or as part of the sale to, merger with, or other transfer of Karadi Tales to another entity. We will post a notice on the Site regarding any change of ownership so that you have the opportunity to discontinue your use of the Site or cancel your registration if you do not wish to continue to use the Site and the Services under the new ownership. You may not assign, transfer or sublicense your rights under these Terms of Use to anyone else and any attempt to do so in violation of this section shall be null and void.
TERMINATION
Notwithstanding any of these Site Terms, Karadi Tales reserves the right, without notice and in its sole discretion, and without having to give any reason whatsoever, to terminate your account and/or to block your use.
IMPORTANT USAGE CONDITIONS AND RELATED PROVISIONS
The Website may now or in the future permit the submission of videos or other communications (audio/written) submitted by you and other users (“User Submissions”) and the hosting, sharing, and/or publishing of such User Submissions. You understand that whether or not such User Submissions are published, Karadi Tales does not guarantee any confidentiality with respect to any submissions. Further, we assume no responsibility as to the accuracy and authenticity of the content of the User Submissions. However, the User Submissions shall be in accordance with the following guidelines:
1. You declare and undertake that the User Submission is original work and that you own the copyright and other relevant licenses, rights, consents, and permissions to use and authorize Karadi Tales to use such submissions;
2. You retain all ownership rights in your User Submissions;
3. You grant us a non-exclusive, perpetual, royalty-free, worldwide, sub-licensable and transferable license to republish any material you submit to us in any format, including, without limitation, print and electronic format;
4. You undertake and confirm that the User Submissions do not contain anything obscene, offensive, defamatory of any person or otherwise illegal;
5. You agree that the User Submissions are not misrepresentations that could damage Karadi Tales or any third party;
6. You agree not to post spam or material which is deliberately intended to upset other users.
DELAY IN SERVICES
Karadi Tales shall not be liable for any loss or liability resulting, directly or indirectly, from delays or interruptions due to electronic or mechanical equipment failures, telephone problems, defects, weather, strikes, walkouts, fire, acts of God, riots, armed conflicts, acts of war, or other like causes. The Website shall have no responsibility to provide you access to the Website while interruption of the Website is due to any such cause.
CANCELLATION
An order is deemed to be confirmed when a confirmation email is sent to your registered email address. You may request a change in or cancel your order if it is not yet dispatched. To do this, please write to contact@karaditales.com with your order number and your request in the subject line. You will need to do so as soon as possible as orders are sometimes shipped immediately. Orders once shipped cannot be canceled.
RETURNS
A product can be returned if there is any manufacturing or shipping-related damage, provided the product is unused and in its original packaging. Such returns must be requested within 48 hours of delivery of the product to the customer. Karadi Tales will replace the said product or provide store credit of an equivalent amount that can be redeemed on the website. Please write to contact@karaditales.com with pictures of the damage within this time-frame to request the replacement of the product, or store credit (if said product is out of stock).
PAYMENT FAILURE
If your payment is debited from your account after a payment failure, it will be credited back within 7-10 days, after we receive a confirmation from the bank. If you receive a payment failure notification, please place the order afresh. Please write to contact@karaditales.com for any issues with order placement or bank refund.
MISCELLANEOUS
You agree that: (i) the section titles in these Terms of Use are for convenience only and have no legal or contractual effect; and (ii) nothing in these Terms of Use shall be deemed to constitute a partnership or a joint venture between you and Karadi Tales. Nothing contained in these Terms of Use shall constitute you as the agent of Karadi Tales or otherwise entitle you to have authority to bind Karadi Tales for any purpose.
These Terms of Use together with the Privacy Policy and any other legal notices published by Karadi Tales on the Website. shall constitute the entire agreement between you and Karadi Tales concerning the Website. If any provision(s) of these Terms of Use is deemed invalid by a court of competent jurisdiction, the invalidity of such provision(s) shall not affect the validity of the remaining provisions of these Terms of Use, which shall remain in full force and effect. No waiver of any of these Terms of Use shall be deemed a further or continuing waiver of such term or any other term, and Karadi Tales’s failure to assert any right or provision under these Terms of Use shall not constitute a waiver of such right or provision. Karadi Tales reserves the right to amend these Terms of Use at any time and without notice, and it is your responsibility to review these Terms of Use for any changes. Your use of the Website following any amendment of these Terms of Use will signify your assent to and acceptance of its revised terms.
LIMITATION OF LIABILITY
In no event shall Karadi Tales, its proprietors, affiliates, group companies, associated entities, officers, directors, employees, consultants, or agents, be liable to you for any direct, indirect, incidental, special, punitive, exemplary or consequential damages of any kind including but not limited to loss of profits, business interruption and/or loss of information or data whatsoever resulting from any (i) errors, mistakes, or inaccuracies of content, (ii) damage, of any nature whatsoever, resulting from your access to and use of our website, (iii) any unauthorized access to or use of our secure servers and/or any and all personal information and/or financial information stored therein, (iv) any interruption or cessation of transmission to or from our website, (iv) any bugs, viruses, trojan horses, or the like, which may be transmitted to or through our website by any third party, and/or (v) any errors or omissions in any content or for any loss or damage of any kind incurred as a result of your use of any content posted, emailed, transmitted, or otherwise made available via the website, whether based on warranty, contract, tort, or any other legal theory, and whether or not the company is advised of the possibility of such damages. The foregoing limitation of liability shall apply to the fullest extent permitted by law in the applicable jurisdiction.
You specifically acknowledge that Karadi Tales shall not be liable for user submissions or the defamatory, offensive, or illegal conduct of any third party and that the risk of harm or damage from the foregoing rests entirely with you.
DISCLAIMER
We will use our best endeavours to make this Site secure and have implemented technology for this purpose. However, because of the nature of the internet, we do not warrant that this Site will be secure. Your access and use of this Site is subject to factors beyond our control. We are providing the Site and Service and its respective contents on an “As is” and “As available” basis for informational purposes only.
You agree that your use of the website shall be at your sole risk. To the fullest extent permitted by law, Karadi Tales, its proprietors, affiliates, group companies, associated entities, officers, directors, employees, consultants, and agents disclaim all warranties, express or implied, in connection with the website and your use thereof. Karadi Tales makes no warranties or representations about the accuracy or completeness of this website’s content, information, software, products, features and services or the content of any sites linked to this website and assumes no liability or responsibility for any (i) errors, mistakes, or inaccuracies of content, (ii) damage, of any nature whatsoever, resulting from your access to and use of our website, (iii) any unauthorized access to or use of our secure servers and/or any and all personal information and/or financial information stored therein, (iv) any interruption or cessation of transmission to or from our website, (iv) any bugs, viruses, trojan horses, or the like which may be transmitted to or through our website by any third party, and/or (v) any errors, omissions, interruptions, deletions, defects, delay in operation or transmission in any content or for any loss or damage of any kind incurred as a result of the use of any content posted, emailed, transmitted, or otherwise made available via the website.
Karadi Tales is not responsible for the conduct, whether online or offline, of any user of Karadi Tales. Karadi Tales assumes no responsibility for any error, omission, interruption, deletion, defect, delay in operation or transmission, communications line failure, theft or destruction or unauthorized access to, or alteration of, any user or member communication, whether based on contract, tort, negligence, strict liability or otherwise. Karadi Tales is not responsible for any problems or technical malfunction of any telephone network or lines, computer online systems, servers or providers, computer equipment, software, failure of any email or players due to technical problems or traffic congestion on the internet or on any Karadi Tales services or combination thereof, including any injury or damage to users or to any person’s computer related to or resulting from participation in connection with Karadi Tales services. Under no circumstances shall Karadi Tales be responsible for any loss or damage, including personal injury or death, resulting from use of Karadi Tales’s services, attendance at a Karadi Tales event, from any content posted on or through Karadi Tales services, or from the conduct of any users of Karadi Tales services, whether online or offline, whether in contract tort or otherwise. Karadi Tales services are provided “as-is” and as available. Karadi Tales cannot guarantee and does not promise any specific results from use of the website.
VIOLATION OF TERMS OF USE
Karadi Tales may disclose any information we have about you (including your identity) if we determine that such disclosure is necessary for connection with any investigation or complaint regarding your use of the Site, or to identify, contact or bring legal action against someone who may be causing injury to or interference with (either intentionally or unintentionally) Karadi Tales’s rights or property, or the rights or property of visitors to or users of the Site, including Karadi Tales customers.
Karadi Tales reserves the right at all times to disclose any information that it deems necessary to comply with any applicable law, regulation, legal process or governmental request. Karadi Tales also may disclose your information when Karadi Tales determines that applicable law requires or permits such disclosure, including exchanging information with other companies and organizations for fraud protection purposes.
You acknowledge and agree that Karadi Tales may preserve any transmittal or communication by you with Karadi Tales through the Site or any service offered on or through the Site, and may also disclose such data if required to do so by law or Karadi Tales determines that such preservation or disclosure is reasonably necessary to (1) comply with legal process, (2) enforce these Terms of Use, (3) respond to claims that any such data violates the rights of others, or (4) protect the rights, property or personal safety of Karadi Tales, its employees, users of or visitors to the Site, and the public.
You agree that Karadi Tales may, at its sole discretion and without prior notice, terminate your access to the Site and/or block your future access to the Site if we determine that you have violated these Terms of Use or other agreements or guidelines which may be associated with your use of the Site. You also agree that any violation by you of these Terms of Use will constitute an unlawful and unfair business practice, and will cause irreparable harm to Karadi Tales, for which monetary damages would be inadequate, and you consent to Karadi Tales obtaining any injunctive or equitable relief that Karadi Tales deems necessary or appropriate in such circumstances. These remedies are in addition to any other remedies Karadi Tales may have at law or in equity.
You agree that Karadi Tales may, at its sole discretion and without prior notice, terminate your access to the Site, for cause, which includes (but is not limited to) (1) requests by law enforcement or other government agencies, (2) a request by you (self-initiated account deletions), (3) discontinuance or material modification of the Site or any service offered on or through the Site, or (4) unexpected technical issues or problems.
CONTACT
Please contact us with any questions regarding these Terms of Use.
Please report any violations of the Terms of Use to contact@karaditales.com