http://www.shoehq.co.uk/terms-conditions-i7
X
This site uses cookies to provide and improve your shopping experience.
If you want to benefit from this improved service, please opt-in.
More Info
I opt-in to a better browsing experience
Accept Cookies
Free Delivery,
Orders Over £50 (*Conditional Apply)
Order Online
free pick up in store
10% off
when you sign up (Full Priced Only)
Home
Terms & Conditions
Terms & ConditionsPrivacyInformation will remain private and be stored on our database. However, information may be used by Armclaim Limited trading as Loofes Clothing to improve your shopping experience, enabling us to handle your order, deliver products, process payments and alert you to promotional offers. For full details see our privacy policy. ProtectionWe will release account and personal information only when we believe it appropriate to comply with the law, to enforce or apply our Conditions of Use and other agreements to protect the rights, property or safety of Armclaim Limited trading as Loofes Clothing. This includes exchanging information with other companies and organisations for fraud protection. Please note that Armclaim Limited trading as Loofes Clothing retain no card data whatsoever on their database. AgentsWe do employ other companies and individuals to perform certain functions on our behalf i.e. processing credit card payments, delivering packages, sending mail, analysing data. They will have access to the personal information needed to allow them to perform their function but may not use it for any other purpose. SecurityWe only use secure payment gateways to process payments. Your credit card details are not stored on our database. We take all possible care to protect your personal details but in the absence of negligence on our part we cannot be held liable for any loss you may suffer if a third party procures unauthorised access to the data provided when you placed your order. Conditions of UseYou may not use this site or any of its content to further any commercial purpose, including any advertising or advertising revenue generation on your own site. You use this site at your sole risk. We reserve the right to deny you access to this site, or any part of it, at any time without notice. If you engage in prohibited activities you could be denied access to the Site on a permanent basis.Delivery address: At checkout, you will be prompted to enter a delivery address. The delivery address cannot be altered after the order is placed.PricingAll payments will be made in sterling. Customers outside the UK will be responsible for any additional delivery charges and Duty/import charges which may be applicable. Order CancellationPlease note that Armclaim Limited trading as Loofes Clothing reserve the right not to accept your order in the event, for example, that we are unable to obtain authorisation for payment, if the item ordered is out of stock or if the item has been withdrawn from sale due to quality control reasons. Our Right to CancelWe reserve the right to cancel orders where errors such as price, description and other information have been published by mistake. If anything appears out of the ordinary, please contact us prior to purchasing.Incorrect itemsPlease be aware that mistakes can happen and that if any do occur and by error that you have received an incorrect item. Please contact us viahttps://www.loofes-clothing.com/contact-us-i20 We will be willing to resolve the issue either by fully refunding you upon return of the wrong item, Or by sending out the correct item upon return of the incorrect item.Please note we require proof via a photo of the wrong item. Governing LawArmclaim Limited trading as Loofes Clothing policies and procedures are in accordance with the Law of England and you submit to the exclusive jurisdiction of the Courts of England. Armclaim Limited trading as Loofes Clothing reserves the right to change its policy, notably in line with any revised legislation. Please continue to check our Privacy Policy Statement for any revisions. Your continued use of the site signifies your acceptance of these terms.Please contact us for a copy of our standard terms & conditions.
Top