https://www.batterytrader.com/conditions.php
01708 580058
L: English
Change to: French
C: GBP
U.S. Dollar
Euro
Pounds Sterling
My Account
Log In Register
My AccountMy OrdersMy Address BookMy Password
0 item(s)
0 item(s), £0.00
Terms and conditions of use
Terms and conditions
All of the contents on the website are the property of the company and are protected by international copyright laws.
All images are display purposes only, we may choose to use a image that is similar to the product to assist the purchaser.
Goods which are faulty upon receipt should be returned to us within 7 working days, clearly marked with a RMA number ( please see returns www.batterytrader.com/shipping.php) , for testing. If no fault is found the item will be returned to you and will be liable for post and packing. Should a fault be found, a replacement or refund will be issued.
In line with the Distance Selling Regulations, if you change your mind you may return the unwanted item at your own cost within 7 working days, unopened in the original packing at your own cost, this does not apply to business to business contracts, we may accept goods after this period by agreement but may be subject to 25% handling fee. Orders may be cancelled at any time before dispatch for stock lines. Refunds will be given within 30 days.
While we make every effort to ensure the products we sell are correct for the intended use, you should make your own enquires as to whether it is the correct one for your application.
Goods remain the in our ownership until paid in full, if in the unfortunate circumstance we have to pursue a party for non-payment we will pass on any reasonable costs.
Although every attempt is made to stock the hundreds of lines we sell, it is sometimes impossible to maintain a constant level as some lines are more popular. We order our stock from overseas and every effort is made to keep stock levels up. If we do not have a particular item in stock, this will be ordered for you and an email sent notifying you of the delay in dispatching goods.
Warranty
If you allow a 12 volt battery to drop below 8 volts (pro rata with other voltages) it is considered that it has not been maintained and this will void any warranty, it is important that you keep your battery charged, and top up charge every few months if not being used.
Privacy
At Battery Trader we appreciate we have a responsibility to protect your private data
The GPDR data protection law states we are only able to process your personal data if we have a valid reason to do so, the reason we collect any data from you includes but is not limited, to fulfil our contract in supplying goods as requested, data collected may include name, address, telephone number, IP address, alternate delivery address and information you have supplied to help us complete your purchase and contact you for customer service purposes. All such details are stored on secure server, they are stored for a period to at least go past the longest warranties that we provide so should warranty claim be made we can service it, further for any lawful and accounting period.
We do not and have never sold any of this information to a third party
We do not store payment information, credit card details and the such, online credit card payments are currently taken automatically and encrypted securely via Royal Bank of Scotland "WorldPay" or Paypal own portal's, we do not have access to your card details
You can contact us via contacts page to delete any information we hold on you, we are unable to do this if you have a warranty on a product until that has ended, you may also contact us to change any information, address and so forth via the same method. Any information we send via email is for the benefit and receipt of the product you have ordered, we may pass on sufficient contact details for a courier to delivery said order and for customer service reasons. We very occasionally run a newsletter with valid information or special offers but you would have only have and will receive that if you opted into it, if you had then you can of course unsubscribe at any time.
In agreeing to our terms and conditions when registering you are acknowledging our Privacy terms, also deemed as read when telephone order is placed
Cookies
A cookie is a small file that can store info about a website on your computer, you can reset your browser not accept cookies or let you know when a cookie is being sent but some websites will not function without them.
The table below explains the Cookies we use and why.
Cookie - Session IdentificationName - osCsidPurpose - to ensure continuity of data from page to pageExpires at the end of the session
This cookie is essential in the running of this website, if it is turned off, this site will fail to function as a shopping cart.
This cookie is destroyed at the end of your browsing session.
Continue
Categories
Mobility chair scooter UPS batteryPower tool batterySealed Lead AcidAlarm patient hoistCar & CommercialJet Ski & SnowmobileLawn mower batteriesMK BatteryMonobloc Industrial batteriesMotorbike BatteriesQuad Bike, ATVSmall device batteriesCar & van battery finderChargers
What's New?
Stannah-Sadler mobility stairlift battery replacement
We Accept
Newsletter
EmailName
Subscribe
Private!
best live chat