http://www.ptwoody.com/legal.htm
ALL PRODUCTS
FIND A LOCAL INSTALLER |
Here's all
the legal stuff for the lawyers.
This
Web site, located at www.ptwoody.com, and all content and
services available through it (collectively, the
"Site") are provided by Autotech Plastics Inc.,
under these Terms of Service and any amendments to the Terms
that Autotech Plastics Inc. may publish from time to time
(collectively, the "Terms"). BY ACCESSING OR USING
THE SITE, YOU AGREE TO BE BOUND BY THE TERMS. If you do not
agree to abide by the Terms, please do not use the Site or
download content from the Site.
intellectual property rights
This Site, including all graphics, text, photographs,
drawings, software, sound, videos or other material
available through the Site (collectively, the
"Content"), is protected by worldwide copyright,
trademark and other proprietary laws and treaty provisions.
Except as expressly authorized by Autotech Plastics Inc. or
the applicable third party from whom the Content originated,
you agree not to modify, rent, lease, loan, sell, assign,
distribute, license, sublicense, reverse engineer or create
derivative works based on the Site or any Content available
through the Site.
Autotech Plastics Inc. authorizes you to view and download
one copy of the Content available through the Site only for
your personal, non-commercial use, provided that you keep
all copyright and other proprietary notices intact. You
agree not to access the Site, or provide access to the Site,
by means other than the interface that is provided by
Autotech Plastics Inc. for use in accessing the Site.
privacy policy
Autotech Plastics Inc. respects the privacy of its visitors.
For more details, see the Autotech Plastics Inc..com Privacy
Policy. You understand and agree that we may disclose
information about you if we have a good faith belief that we
are required to do so by law or legal process, to respond to
claims, or to protect the rights, property or safety of
Autotech Plastics Inc. or others.
disclaimer of warranties
You expressly understand and agree that your use of the Site
is at your sole risk and that the Site is provided on an
"AS IS" and "AS AVAILABLE" basis. To the
fullest extent permissible pursuant to applicable law, in
regard to the Site and all content thereon, Autotech
Plastics Inc. expressly disclaims all warranties of any
kind, including without limitation any warranty of
merchantability, fitness for a particular purpose and
non-infringement.
The Content on the Site may contain inaccuracies and
typographical errors. Autotech Plastics Inc. does not
warrant the accuracy or completeness of the Content or the
reliability of any advice, opinion, statement or other
information displayed or distributed through the Site. You
acknowledge that any reliance on any such opinion, advice,
statement or other information shall be at your sole risk.
Autotech Plastics Inc. does not make any warranty that the
Site will meet your requirements, or that the Site will be
uninterrupted, timely, secure, or error free, or that
defects in the Site, if any, will be corrected.
You understand and agree that any Content, material and/or
data downloaded or otherwise obtained through the Site is at
your own discretion and risk and that you are solely
responsible for any damage to your computer system or loss
of data that results from the download of such Content,
material and/or data.
Some jurisdictions do not allow for the exclusion of implied
warranties, so the above exclusions may not apply to you.
limitation of liability
In no event, including without limitation, negligence, shall
Autotech Plastics Inc., its parents, subsidiaries,
affiliates, agents, officers, directors, employees or
suppliers be liable to any entity for any indirect, special,
exemplary, consequential or other damages (including,
without limitation, any lost profits, business interruption,
loss of information or programs or other data on your
information handling system) that arise out of or otherwise
are related to the use of, or the inability to use, the
Content or the Site or any linked Web site, the statements
of any third party on the Site, or unauthorized access to
the Site, even if Autotech Plastics Inc. is expressly
advised of the possibility of such damages.
Some jurisdictions do not allow the limitation or exclusion
of liability for incidental or consequential damages so some
of the above may not apply to you.
changes to the terms
Autotech Plastics Inc. reserves the right, in its sole
discretion, to change, modify, add or remove any portion of
the Terms in whole or in part, at any time. Changes to the
Terms will be effective when notice of such change is posted
on the Site. Your continued use of the Site after such
notice is posted will be considered acceptance of the
changes to the Terms. You should periodically check the
"Terms of Service" link on Autotech Plastics
Inc.'s homepage to view the then current Terms.
changes to the site
Autotech Plastics Inc. may, in its sole discretion,
terminate, change, suspend or discontinue any aspect of the
Autotech Plastics Inc. Site, temporarily or permanently,
including the availability of any features of the Site or
access to any parts of the Site, at any time without notice
to you, and you agree that Autotech Plastics Inc. shall not
be liable therefor.
termination
You agree that Autotech Plastics Inc., in its sole
discretion and at any time without notice to you, may remove
or delete any Content on the Site. You further agree that
Autotech Plastics Inc. shall not be liable for any
termination of your use of or access to the Site. In the
event of any termination of the Terms, or your use of or
access to the Site, you agree that the provisions regarding
Intellectual Property Rights, Disclaimer of Warranties,
Limitation of Liability, Termination, Choice of Law and
Forum, and General shall survive any such termination.
links
The Site may provide links to other sites and/or resources
over which Autotech Plastics Inc. has no control, and
Autotech Plastics Inc. shall not be liable for the content,
data collection practices, advertising, products or other
materials available through such other sites or resources.
choice of law and forum
The Terms shall be governed by the laws of the State of
Michigan, without regard to its conflict of laws provisions.
Any claim or controversy arising in any way out of or
relating to the Terms shall be filed in a court of competent
jurisdiction sitting in Macomb County Michigan. Any cause of
action you may have with respect to the Site must be
commenced within one (1) year after the claim or cause of
action arises, notwithstanding any statutes of limitations
to the contrary.
language
It is the express wish of the parties that the Terms and all
related documents have been drawn up in English. C'est la
volonté expresse des parties que la présente convention
ainsi que les documents qui s'y rattachent soient rédigés
en anglais.
general
The Terms constitutes the entire agreement between Autotech
Plastics Inc. and you with respect to your use of the Site.
If for any reason a court of competent jurisdiction finds
any provision of the Terms or portion thereof, to be
unenforceable, that provision shall be enforced to the
maximum extent permissible so as to effect the intent of the
parties as reflected by that provision, and the remainder of
the Terms shall continue in full force and effect. Any
failure by Autotech Plastics Inc. to enforce or exercise any
provision of the Terms or related right shall not constitute
a waiver of that right or provision. The section titles used
in the Terms are purely for convenience and carry with them
no legal or contractual effect.
This policy does not describe information collection
policies for sites to which we link, or any other sites that
we do not control.
how do we use the information we collect?
We use Usage and Routing Information collected from visitors
to improve the reliability and usefulness of our Web site
and to prepare aggregate, non-identifying information used
in marketing, advertising, or similar activities, among
other purposes. We use information collected from your
e-mail messages to correspond with you and to address issues
raised in your messages, among other purposes. From time to
time, some information may be purged from our systems in our
sole discretion.
with whom do we share information?
We may provide aggregate statistics about visitors,
transactions or other activity on our Web site to
third-parties. If you send us e-mail messages, we may
disclose their contents to third-parties, such as
consultants we have hired to help with recruiting. Please do
not include confidential information in your e-mail
messages. In addition, we may disclose information about you
if we have a good faith belief that we are required to do so
by law or legal process, to respond to claims, or to protect
the rights, property or safety of Autotech Plastics Inc..com
or others.
your privacy is important
Autotech Plastics Inc..com respects user privacy and
appreciates your feedback. If you have any questions about
our information collection practices, or would like to get
in touch with us, please
contact us.