https://www.wockenfusscandies.com/privacy-policy/
Skip Navigation
Privacy Policy
1. How We Use Collected Information
Our servers record your computer’s IP address and website usage in “server logs” when you use this website. No personally identifiable information is contained in these logs, such as name, address, phone numbers or email addresses. We use these logs to help diagnose problems with our servers, analyze traffic patterns and to administer this website.
Cookies – We use cookies on certain pages of our website. Cookies are small text files stored on your hard drive, not on our website. A cookie is not a program, and does not itself have the ability to automatically collect personal information about you. A cookie can store certain information that identifies your browser to our servers in order to make the websites operate more smoothly. For example, we use cookies to aid in the functioning of a sign in form. Most cookies we use are “session cookies” which means that they are automatically deleted when you leave the website.
Voluntary Contact – If you send us information voluntarily, such as through personal correspondence or email, or if other users or third parties send us correspondence about your activities, we may collect such information. We use such information, and other information that we obtain from your use of the services, to resolve disputes, troubleshoot problems and enforce our Terms of Use agreement, among other things. Please also note that information you volunteer in public areas is not protected information, and anyone could potentially collect and use such information in ways we cannot control. In addition to using your information as described above, we also may occasionally send you email announcing special promotions, changes in our services, and other information we believe will be of interest to you. You may opt in or out of receiving these mailings by using the join/unsubscribe feature located in email sent. We cannot ensure that all of your private communications and other personally identifiable information will never be disclosed in ways not otherwise described in this Privacy Statement. For example, we may be forced to disclose information to the government or third parties under certain circumstances without your consent, or third parties may unlawfully intercept or access transmissions or private communications. We can (and you authorize us to) disclose any information about you to law enforcement or other government officials as we, in our sole discretion, believe necessary or appropriate in connection with an investigation of fraud, intellectual property infringements, or other activity that is illegal or may expose us to legal liability. However, we will not use your information for marketing purposes. We do not sell or rent our list of users past or present to any third party without your consent.
2. Linked Websites
For your convenience, this website contains links to other sites. Please be aware that Wockenfuss is not responsible for the privacy practices or content of such other websites, which may differ significantly from our own. We encourage our users to be aware when they leave our websites and to read the privacy statements of each and every web site that collects personally identifiable information. This privacy statement applies solely to information collected by this website.
3. Security
This website has procedural security measures in place to protect the loss, misuse and alteration of the information under our control. Only authorized individuals have access to your information.
4. A Special Note About Children
Persons under the age of 18 are not eligible to use our website without parental supervision and consent and we ask that children under the age of 13 not submit personal information to us. We believe that is important that parents supervise their minor children when they are online. As a result, we require that persons under the age of 18 use this website only in conjunction with parents or legal guardians.
5. Contacting Us
If you have any questions about this Privacy Statement, the practices of this website, or your dealings with this website, you may email us at info@wockenfusscandies.com.