http://www.bargain-camera.com/pages/proam-usa-help-faq
Skip to content
Search
Home
Products
Expand menu
Collapse menu
Camera Cranes
Crane Accessories
Special Packages
LCD Monitors
Dollies & Sliders
Stabilizers
Tripods & Supports
Vehicle Mounting
Motorized Devices
Batteries & Power
Audio
Storage
Clearance
Blog
The Company
Contact
Account
ProAm USA Help & FAQ
Order Status
Has my order shipped?Click the "Account" link at the top right hand side of our site to check your order's status.How do I change quantities or cancel an item in my order?Please contact customer service as soon as possible. We will try our best to accommodate all order changes or cancellations. Please note that once an order has begun shipping or has shipped, the order is no longer editable.How do I track my order?Click the "Account" link at the top right hand side of our site to track your order. Tracking numbers are updated within 1 business day of an order's shipment.My order never arrived.Click the "Account" link at the top right hand side of our site to track your order status. Be sure that all of the items in your order have shipped already. If you order displays your Package Tracking Numbers, check with the shipper to confirm that your packages were delivered. If your packages each show a status of "delivered", please contact customer service for assistance.An item is missing from my shipment.Click the "Account" link at the top right hand side of our site to track your order status. Be sure that all of the items in your order have shipped already. If you order displays your Package Tracking Numbers, check with the shipper to confirm that your packages were delivered. If your packages each show a status of "delivered", please contact customer service for assistance.My product is missing parts.Click the "Account" link at the top right hand side of our site to track your order status. Be sure that all of the items in your order have shipped already. If you order displays your Package Tracking Numbers, check with the shipper to confirm that your packages were delivered. If your packages each show a status of "delivered", please contact customer service for assistance.
When will my backorder arrive?Backordered items are those which our suppliers are unable to predict when they will have more in stock, but as soon as they do, we will be able to ship the item to you. You'll be contacted as soon as your order is fully ready to ship.
International Shipping
Do you ship to my country?Please create an account by clicking the "Account" link at the top right hand side of our site. During signup we'll ask for your shipping address details including country. If your country is not in the dropdown menu of available countries, unfortunately we cannot ship to your country at this time.What are my payment choices?For our international clients, we accept a range of payments including wire transfer, PayPal and Western Union. During the checkout process you may choose any of our current payment options and continue to place your order. Please note that we will not be able to ship your order until we receive payment from you.When will my order ship and what are my shipping charges?Shipping is automatically calculated prior to submitting your payment information.  Simply add items to your cart and proceed to the Checkout page where you will be offered Shipping Method choices and their prices. We will ship your order shortly after we receive payment from you. Original outbound shipping costs are nonrefundable.
Customs or VAT Fees, Duties & Import TaxesYour country's import duties, taxes and fees are never included in the item and shipping totals. ProAm USA is not responsible for, nor can we offer any specific advice regarding any customs-related fees that you may incur. For specific information, please consult with your local government import office.What is the return policy?Please see our Return Policy for complete details.
Pricing and Billing
Do I have to pay sales tax?You only have to pay sales tax if you are located in the state of South Carolina.I have a question about what I was charged.Click the "Account" link at the top right hand side of our site to review your orders. You may compare your order history on our website, with your financial records. If you have further questions or concerns, please contact customer service for further assistance.I need a copy of my receipt/invoice.Click the "Account" link at the top right hand side of our site to print invoices.When will my credit appear on my account?Credits usually take 7-10 business days from the time we receive your item(s).When will my credit card be charged?Your credit card will be charged within immediately once you submit your order on our website. If you call to place an order, your card will be charged while you are connected to a customer service representative.
Privacy Policy
We value your privacy. Please view our Privacy Policy for complete details on how we use the information we collect.
Security
This website is protected with SSL (secure socket layer) encryption, the highest standard in Internet security.