http://www.dreamessentials.com/pages/privacy-policy
Your Cart
Your basket is empty
$0.00
$0.00
Total Cart Value
Place your order
Continue Shopping
FREE SHIPPING TO CONTINENTAL US ON ORDERS OVER $25!
Home
All Products
Categories
Wholesale
Custom Printed Masks
Log in
Create Account
Facebook icon
Twitter icon
Instagram icon
YouTube icon
Pinterest icon
LinkedIn icon
Home
All Products
Categories
Wholesale
Custom Printed Masks
Customer Confidentiality
Dream Essentials protects the privacy and confidentiality of consumer information. Because we care about maintaining your trust and confidence, we have adopted the practices described in this Privacy and Security Policy. Dream Essentials is a licensee of the VeraSafe Privacy Program. VeraSafe is an independent, organization whose mission is to enable individuals and organizations to establish trusting relationships based on respect for personal identity and information by promoting the use of fair information practices.
This privacy statement relates to all websites owned and operated by Dream Essentials, LLC. Because we want to demonstrate our commitment to our users' privacy, we have disclosed our privacy practices to VeraSafe for review to ensure our compliance with best practices.Questions or Concerns; if users have questions or concerns regarding this statement, you should first contact Customer Support by email us at customercare@dreamessentials.com
Information Collection & Use
If you purchase a product from Dream Essentials, we request certain personally identifiable information from you for billing purposes and in order to fill your order. The information is collected through our Shopping Cart and you must provide contact information (such as name, email, and shipping address) and financial information (such as credit card number, expiration date and CVV code). If we have trouble processing an order, we will use this information to contact you. All credit card processing is performed by PayPal and no credit card information is stored in Dream Essentials system. Shipping is completed from our facilities in Morrisville, North Carolina, USA.
Communication from Dream Essentials
Automatic order confirmation emails are sent to customers who place orders on our website. In addition, new customers are also sent a welcoming email that contains an initial password and username that can be used to access personal information collected during order placement and to view order history as well as tracking information.
Newsletter Choice – Opt-in and Opt-Out
Customers who have opted-in to our newsletter will occasionally receive newsletters, special offers, new product release and information about sleep and or dry eye information. Out of respect for the privacy of our users we present the option to not receive these types of communications, you can unsubscribe at any time.
Customers have to Opt-in to receive newsletters and promotions via email. All customers are given the opportunity to 'opt-out' of having promotional emails sent to them.
Users who are subscribed to our lists and no longer wish to receive our special offers and promotional communications may opt-out of receiving these communications by using the "Unsubscribe" link included in each communication we send or by emailing us at: customercare [at] dreamessentials [dot] com.
Correcting/Updating/Deleting/Deactivating Personal Information
We provide you with access to some of your personally identifiable information in our database. You may view and in certain cases update your personally identifiable information (such as zip code, phone, email or postal address) by visiting the My Account section in the Dream Essentials Web site, www.Dream Essentials, LLC. If you believe that any of the information is incorrect, or you would like to delete/deactivate your personally identifiable information, notify us immediately by either completing a Contact Us form or sending an email message to customercare@dreamessentials.com, and we will promptly correct erroneous information or delete your information from our database.
Disclosure of Information
We do not disclose any personally identifiable information collected through the site whether publicly listed elsewhere or not, except as disclosed in this statement or as required by law. Dream Essentials, LLC reserves the right to disclose to third parties aggregate usage statistics that do not contain personal information. In no event will Dream Essentials, LLC include personal information in any such disclosure. Though we make every effort to preserve user privacy, we may need to disclose personal information when required by law wherein we have a good-faith belief that such action is necessary to comply with an appropriate law enforcement investigation, current judicial proceeding, a court order or legal process served on our website, or as required by law.
Log Files & Cookies
All web servers create and use log files to some extent. Dream Essentials does not use intrusive log files, but uses ordinary web-logging to assess and improve the functionality of www.dreamessentials.com The log files track internet protocol (IP) addresses, browser type, referring/exit pages, platform type, date/time stamp, and number of clicks to analyze trends, administer the site, track user's movement in the aggregate, and gather general information about which pages are visited. IP addresses, etc. are not linked to personally identifiable information. We use a third-party tracking service called Google Analytics that uses tracking code on each of our web pages in order to gather the information specified above.
Cookies
A cookie is a piece of data stored on the user's computer tied to information about the user. We use persistent cookies that are valid for a period of 90 days in order to track only those customers that have been referred to our website by one of our Affiliate Partners. The purpose of the cookie is to track orders that are generated as a result of the referral and to pay a commission to those Affiliate Partners. No personally identifiable information is disclosed as a result of a result of use of the cookie. A persistent cookie is a small text file stored on the user's hard drive for an extended period of time. Persistent cookies can be removed by following Internet browser help file directions.
Security of Collected Information
We follow generally accepted industry standards to protect the personal information submitted to us, both during transmission and once we receive it. The security of your personal information is important to us. When you enter sensitive information (such as credit card number and/or social security number) on our registration or order forms, we encrypt that information using secure socket layer technology (SSL).
Changes to This Privacy Policy
If we decide to amend this policy at any time, we will inform you of changes as required by law. We will post changes to this privacy and security statement on our homepage, and other places we deem appropriate so our users are always aware of what information we collect, how we use it, and under what circumstances, if any, we disclose it. If, however, we are going to use users' personally identifiable information in a manner different from that stated at the time of collection, we will notify users via email and/or by posting a notice on our website for at least 30 days.
Contact Us
If you have any questions about the privacy or security on our website, you can email us at customercare@dreamessentials.com or contact us via mail at:
Dream Essentials2842 Main StreetSuite 187Glastonbury, CT 06033
Popup
Use this popup to embed a mailing list sign up form. Offer incentives to customers to join and build your mailing list.
Thanks for Joining!