http://www.probikekit.com/site-info/terms-and-conditions.list
Shop Continental GP5000 Now
Home
Terms & Conditions
Terms & Conditions
Introduction
These terms and conditions ('the Terms') govern the users
('you' or 'your') use of the website www.probikekit.com.au ('the
Website') and your relationship with:(i) The Hut.com Limited (trading as www.probikekit.com.au) whose registered office is at 5th Floor, Voyager House, Chicago Avenue, Manchester Airport M90 3DQ; or(ii)
(a) if your purchase is made in United States dollars (USD) or Canadian
dollars (CAD) and payment is made using a debit/credit/American Express
card,with THGPP LLC (trading as www.probikekit.com.au) whose registered
office is at 1209 Orange Street, Wilmington, County of New Castle,
Delaware, 19801, USA, or(iii) (a) if your purchase
is made in Australian dollars (AUD)and payment is made using a
debit/credit/American Express card, with Skincarestore Australia Pty
Limited (trading as www.probikekit.com.au) whose office is at G01, 38
Atchison Street, St Leonards, NSW 2065 Australia('we',
'our', or 'us'). Please read them carefully as they affect your rights
and liabilities under law. If you do not agree to these Terms, please do
not access nor use the Website. If you have any queries regarding these
Terms then please contact us.
Agreement
By using the Website you agree to be bound by these Terms.
Amendments
We reserve the right to:update these Terms from time to time
and any changes will be notified to you via a suitable announcement on
the Website. It is your responsibility to check for such changes. The
changes will apply to the use of the Website after we have given such
announcement. If you do not wish to accept the new Terms you should not
continue to use the Website. If you continue to use the Website after
the date on which the change comes into effect, your use of the Website
indicates your agreement to be bound by the new Terms; andmodify
or withdraw, temporarily or permanently, this Website and the material
contained within (or any part) without notice to you and you confirm
that we shall not be liable to you for any modification to or withdrawal
of the Website or its contents.
Registration
You warrant that:the personal information which you are
required to provide when you register is true, accurate, current and
complete in all respects; andyou are not impersonating any other
person or entity. The products purchased on this site are for private
and domestic use only and are not for re sale. You will notify us
immediately of any changes to the personal information by e-mailing our
customer service representatives at: customer.experience@thehutgroup.com
Privacy Policy
We will treat all your personal information as confidential and will only use it in accordance with our Privacy Policy.
When you shop on this Website, we will ask you to input personal
details in order for us to identify you, such as your name, e-mail
address, billing address, delivery address, credit card or other payment
information. We confirm that this information will be held by us in
accordance with the registration we have with the Data Commissioner's
office.
Protecting your Security
To ensure that your credit, debit or charge card is not being used
without your consent, we will validate name, address and other personal
information supplied by you during the order process against appropriate
third party databases.We take the risk of internet fraud very
seriously. With the volume of fraudulent credit card transactions
increasing, we make every effort to ensure all orders are thoroughly
checked using the information already supplied. There is a possibility
we may contact you to make additional security checks and we ask for
your co-operation to enable us to complete them. We will not tolerate
fraudulent transactions and such transactions will be reported to the
relevant authorities.By accepting these terms and conditions you
consent to such checks being made. In performing these checks personal
information provided by you may be disclosed to a registered Credit
Reference Agency which may keep a record of that information. You can
rest assured that this is done only to confirm your identity, that a
credit check is not performed and that your credit rating will be
unaffected. All information provided by you will be treated securely and
strictly in accordance with the Data Protection Act 1998.
Compliance
The Website may only be used for lawful purposes and in a lawful
manner. You agree to comply with all applicable laws, statutes and
regulations regarding the Website and its use. You agree not to upload
or transmit through the Website:any computer viruses or anything
else designed to interfere with, interrupt or disrupt the normal
operating procedures of a computer; andany material which is defamatory, offensive or of an obscene character
Indemnity
You agree to fully indemnify, defend and hold us, and our officers,
directors, employees and suppliers, harmless immediately on demand, from
and against all claims, losses, costs and expenses, including
reasonable legal fees, arising out of any breach of these Terms by you,
or any other liabilities arising out of your use of this Website or any
other person accessing the Website using your personal information.
Third Party Links
As a convenience to our customers, the Website may include links to
other websites or material which is beyond our control. For your
information, we are not responsible for such websites or material nor do
we review or endorse them. We will not be liable, whether directly or
indirectly, for the privacy practices or content of such websites nor
for any damage, loss or offense caused or alleged to be caused in
connection with, the use of or reliance on any such advertising,
content, products, materials or services available on such external
websites or resources.
Orders
All orders are subject to acceptance and availability. If the goods
ordered are not available, you will be notified by e-mail (or by other
means if no e-mail address has been provided) and you will have the
option either to wait until the item is available from stock or to
cancel your order.Any orders placed by you will be treated as an
offer to purchase the goods or services from us and we have the right to
reject such offers at any time. You acknowledge that any automated
acknowledgment of your order which you may receive from us shall not
amount to our acceptance of your offer to purchase goods or services
advertised on the Website. The conclusion of a contract between you and
us will take place when we (i) debit your credit, debit card or PayPal
account or (ii) dispatch the goods to you or commence the services,
whichever is the later.We will take all reasonable care, in so
far as it is in our power to do so, to keep the details of your order
and payment secure, but in the absence of negligence on our part we
cannot be liable for any loss you may suffer if a third party procures
unauthorized access to any data provided by you when accessing or
ordering from the Website.The products sold on the Website are
not for re-sale or distribution. You are limited to a purchase of 5
items of any one product. We reserve the right to cancel orders and/or
suspend accounts where we believe products are being ordered in breach
of this provision.You will assume the risk for the products once
they have been delivered to the delivery address which you specified
when ordering the products. We accept no liability where you provide an
incorrect delivery address or where you fail to collect the products
from the delivery address which you specified.Deposit ItemsCertain
high value items are not readily available from stock and require a
production order to be placed on the supplier. Such items are identified
on our Websites as Pre-order items. In order to secure supply of these
items, prior to confirmation of your order we will require you to pay a
deposit of the total order value. When ordering such items you agree
that the expected delivery date can be variable. We will keep you
informed by email of expected delivery times which in certain
circumstances may be up to approximately twelve weeks.
Cancellation Rights
Where you have purchased the goods or services as a consumer (i.e.
for private use as opposed to business use), please note that you are
entitled to cancel any contract completed with us within 14 days from
the day on which you acquire physical possession of the goods.If you wish to cancel a contract pursuant to this clause 10, then please see our Returns Policy for further details of how.
Price and Payment
All prices shown are inclusive of VAT (where applicable) and are
correct at the time they are entered on to the system. We reserve the
right, however, to change prices at any time without notice to you.Orders
with a delivery address outside the UK may be subject to import duties
and taxes (including VAT) which are levied once a delivery reaches your
destination country. Any such additional charges must be borne by you.
You should note that customs policies and practices vary widely from
country to country. We recommend that you contact your local customs
office for information.Please note that when shipping goods from
outside of the United Kingdom, cross border shipments may be subject to
opening and inspection by customs authorities. In respect of all goods
dispatched to you to an address outside of the United Kingdom, you are
deemed to be the importer of the goods and must therefore comply with
all the laws and regulations of the country into which the goods are
being delivered.Payment can be made by any major credit or debit
card or via your PayPal account. Payment will be debited and cleared
from your account before the dispatch of your good or provision of the
service to you. If payment is to be made via a credit card a pre-auth
value of $0.01 will be held against the card until the card issuer
validates the payment.In the unlikely event that the price shown
on the checkout page is wrong, and we discover this before accepting
your order in accordance with clause 9, we are not required to sell the
goods to you at the price shown. We always try and ensure that the
prices of goods shown on our Website are accurate, but occasionally
genuine errors may occur. If we discover an error in the price of the
goods that you have ordered we will let you know as soon as possible and
give you the option of reconfirming your order at the correct price or
cancelling it. If you cancel your order and you have already paid for
the goods, then you will receive a full refund.You confirm that
the credit, debit card or PayPal account that is being used is yours.
All credit/debit cardholders are subject to validation checks and
authorization by the card issuer. If the issuer of your payment card
refuses to or does not, for any reason, authorize payment to us we will
not be liable to you for any delay or non-delivery.If your credit or debit
card payment is not processed successfully for any reason, we reserve the right
to reattempt to process payment within 48 hours. In the event that the payment
is still unsuccessful, we will give you at least 48 hours’ notice in advance of
any further reattempt to process payment by sending an email to the email
address you have provided to us. If you do not want us to reattempt to process
payment, you must cancel your order in advance.
Discount codes can only be redeemed once and cannot be used in
conjunction with any other discount code or offer, unless specified on
site. We reserve the right to reject or cancel any orders where you add
more than one discount code to the basket.Unless expressly stated
otherwise, all discount codes / offers are subject to a maximum
discount value equivalent of $1 per 1% of discount (e.g. a 10% discount
code is capped at a maximum discount of $10, a 20% discount is capped at
a maximum discount value of $20 etc). From time to time and at our sole
discretion, we may increase or decrease this cap for certain
promotions.We allow you to use discount codes strictly on the
terms and conditions upon which they were issued which, amongst other
things, may include terms relating to your eligibility to use them and a
maximum order value.We reserve the right to exclude certain brands and/or products from any of our promotions.Please
familiarize yourself with these terms and conditions before you place
an order as we reserve the right to reject or cancel any orders which do
not comply with these terms even if your credit or debit card has been
charged. If there is any inconsistency between the terms and conditions
upon which the discount codes were issued and these terms and
conditions, the discount code terms and conditions prevail. A copy of
the discount code terms and conditions can be obtained by mailing or
telephoning our customer service representatives at: customer.experience@thehutgroup.com
Eligibility to Purchase
To be eligible to purchase goods on this Website and lawfully enter
into and form contracts on this Website under English law you must:if an individual, be 18 years of age or over; andregister your real name, address, phone number, e-mail address any other details requested.By
offering to purchase goods and services you represent to us that you
are 18 years of age or over and authorize us to transmit information
(included updated information) to obtain information from third parties,
including but not limited to, your debit or credit card numbers or
credit reports to authenticate your identity, to validate your credit
card, to obtain an initial credit card authorization and to authorize
individual purchase transactions.
Intellectual Property
The content of the Website is protected by copyright, trade marks,
database and other intellectual property rights and you acknowledge that
the material and content supplied as part of the Website shall remain
with us or our licensors.You may retrieve and display the content
of the Website on a computer screen, store such content in electronic
form on disk (but not any server or other storage device connected to a
network) or print one copy of such content for your own personal,
non-commercial use, provided you keep intact all and any copyright and
proprietary notices. You may not otherwise reproduce, modify, copy or
distribute or use for commercial purposes any of the materials or
content on the Website.
Limitation of Liability
Notwithstanding any other provision in the Terms, nothing in these Terms:affect or limit your rights as a consumer under English law; orwill
exclude or limit our liability for death or personal injury resulting
from our negligence.The Website is provided on an 'as is' and 'as
available' basis without any representation or endorsement made and we
make no warranties, whether express or implied, in relation to it and
its use. You acknowledge that we cannot guarantee and cannot be
responsible for the security or privacy of the Website and any
information provided by you. You must bear the risk associated with the
use of the Internet.Whilst we will try to ensure that material
included on the Website is correct, reputable and of high quality, we
cannot accept responsibility if this is not the case. We will not be
responsible for any errors or omissions or for the results obtained from
the use of such information or for any technical problems you may
experience with the Website. If we are informed of any inaccuracies in
the material on the Website we will attempt to correct this as soon as
we reasonably can.In particular, we disclaim all liabilities in connection with the following:incompatibility of the Website with any of your equipment, software or telecommunications links;technical problems including errors or interruptions of the Website;unsuitability, unreliability or inaccuracy of the Website; andfailure
of the Website to meet your requirements.To the full extent allowed by
applicable law, you agree that we will not be liable to you or any third
party for any consequential or incidental damages (both of which terms
includes, without limitation, pure economic loss, loss of profits, loss
of business, loss of anticipated savings, wasted expenditure, loss of
privacy and loss of data) or any other indirect, special or punitive
damages whatsoever that arise out of or are related to the Website.
Severance
If any part of the Terms shall be deemed unlawful, void or for any
reason unenforceable, then that provision shall be deemed severable from
these Terms and shall not affect the validity and enforceability of any
remaining provisions of the Terms.
Waiver
No waiver by us shall be construed as a waiver of any proceeding or succeeding breach of any provision.
Entire Agreement
These Terms form the entire basis of any agreement reached between you and us.
Law and Jurisdiction
These Terms shall be governed by and construed in accordance with the
laws of England and Wales and any disputes will be decided only by the
English courts.
All Competitions
We reserve the right to amend these Terms without notice from time to time.These
rules will be deemed incorporated into each competition except to the
extent that any specific instruction in a competition provides
otherwise.By entering the competition entrants will be deemed to
have read and understood these Terms and be bound by them. All of our
decisions will be final and binding and no correspondence will be
entered into.Any person who is an employee or an immediate family
member of an employee of any The Hut Group company or any other person
who is directly connected with the organization of any particular
competition is ineligible to participate.Competitions are only open to residents of the UK (excluding Northern Ireland).All
entrants are to be aged 18 or over unless any other age restriction is
specified or implied. Entrants should, if under 18, obtain permission in
advance from their parent or guardian.All entries must be
received by the closing date specified in the competition. Answers will
be entered upon submission. No responsibility will be taken for any
answers that are misdirected, lost for technical or other reasons or
received after the closing date.We reserve the absolute right to
disqualify without notice any entries to any competition which we
consider have used improper technical means to enter and/or we believe
is fraudulent.Entrants are liable for their costs to access computer networks.We
will not be liable for or accept any responsibility for: (i) any
failure by the winner or any entrant to comply with these terms and
conditions; (ii) any disruption, delay or misdirection of entries; or
(iii) any server, system or network failures, malfunctioning or
inaccessibility.We shall be the promoter of all competitions subject to these terms and conditions unless stated otherwise.PrizesIf for any reason an advertised prize
is unavailable we reserve the right at our absolute discretion to
substitute a similar prize of equivalent or greater value.Only one prize will be awarded per household.There will be no cash or other alternative to the prize offered and prizes are not transferable.NotificationThe winner's name will be selected in a random draw, after the closing date, from all correct answers received.The winner of a prize will be notified within 28 days after the winner has been ascertained.Please allow 28 days for delivery of all prizes.If
the winner of the a competition is unable to take up a prize for any
reason or if the winner cannot be notified after reasonable efforts
having been made then we may dispose of the prize as we think fit
without any liability to the winner for having done so.For each competition, only one prize will be awarded per entrant / email address. Names of winners will be available on request.The names of the winners may be published on our Website and/or on our Facebook, Twitter or any other social media platform.Claiming PrizesPrizes
Involving Travel: (a) Travel arrangements are the responsibility of
prize winners unless otherwise stated; (b) we reserve the right to
require written permission from the parent or guardian of any winner who
is under the age of 16 and to require such a winner to choose as a
companion someone 18 or over.Competition prizes/tickets may be
restricted to certain times of the year and unless otherwise stated all
prizes must be taken within six months of the date of the competition
draw.Where prizes are to be provided by a third party then the
winner will be required to complete all appropriate or applicable
booking or other formalities direct with such providers. We will have no
responsibility for the acts/defaults of any other persons or companies.
Review
If you submit a review, you grant us a non-exclusive, royalty-free,
perpetual, irrevocable, and fully sub-licensable right to use,
reproduce, modify, adapt, publish, translate, create derivative works
from, distribute, and display such content throughout the world in any
media.You grant The Hut.com Limited and its sub-licensees the
right to use the name that you submit in connection with such content,
if they choose.You agree to waive your right to be identified as
the author of such content and your right to object to derogatory
treatment of such content.You agree to perform all further acts
necessary to perfect any of the above rights granted by you to The
Hut.com Limited, including the execution of deeds and documents, at the
request of The Hut.com Limited.You represent and warrant that you
own or otherwise control all of the rights to the content that you
post; that, as at the date that the content or material is submitted to
The Hut.com LimitedThe content and material is accurate;Use of the content and material you supply does not breach any
applicable The Hut.com Limited guidelines and will not cause injury to
any person or entity (including that the content or material is not
defamatory). You agree to indemnify The Hut.com Limited for all claims
brought by a third party against The Hut.com Limited arising out of or
in connection with a breach of any of these warranties.All reviews published, will be entered into a monthly prize draw, where a $125 voucher could be won to spend on ProBikeKit.
Multi-buy Offers
This offer applies only to qualifying items listed in the Multi-buy area of this Website.Where
any goods are returned (except for an exchange where products are
faulty/defective), we are entitled to either require the return of all
goods delivered as part of that Multi-buy offer at your cost or charge
you for the goods retained by you at the full price quoted on this site.
Gift with Purchase Promotions
23.1 Where we are offering a free gift with a product, we shall only
provide one free gift per transaction (irrespective of how many products
are purchased). The free gift is subject to availability and we reserve
the right to change the free gift for a gift of equivalent value.23.2
In order for us to facilitate the provision of a free gift, it may be
necessary for us to include the free gift on our site at a nominal
value. For the avoidance of doubt, you are not entitled to 'purchase'
the free gift without purchasing the product it is provided free with
and any attempt to 'purchase' the free gift will be cancelled
(notwithstanding any automated communication you may receive
acknowledging your order). In the unlikely event that the free gift is
dispatched to you, you shall be obliged to return the free gift upon
written request.
Referral Scheme
Subject to the terms set out below, you may earn ‘credit’ for use on
this Website by referring a new customer(s) to us through our referral
scheme by sharing the referral link and/or referral code we provide to
you (the “Referral Scheme”). You are only eligible to
participate as a ‘referrer’ in this Referral Scheme if you have
previously placed an order on the Website.A new customer is a natural person who has not previously placed an order with us (a "Referee").
If the Referee has an account on the Website but has not previously
placed an order on the Website then they are entitled to participate in
the Referral Scheme through the ‘referral link’ only. If the Referee
already has an account on the Website then they will be unable to
participate in the Referral Scheme using a ‘referral code’ (regardless
of whether they have previously placed an order).If the Referee
has clicked through your referral link the discount code will
automatically be applied at checkout. If the Referee is using a referral
code, the Referee must enter this code at checkout.For the
avoidance of doubt, any credit generated from the Referral Scheme may
only be spent on the Website and neither you nor the Referee is entitled
to receive any payment of any kind in respect of the credit. The credit
is not redeemable for cash. The credit that stands to your Referral
Scheme account is not transferable in any way.You will receive
the applicable credit on your account 3 days after despatch of the
Referee's order. If the Referee cancels their order for any reason
within 3 days of it being despatched, you will not qualify for any
credit. You will receive your credit in the default currency of the
Website.Any credit accrued through the Referral Scheme that has not been used within 6 months from the date of accrual will expire.The Referee must place an order with a value of at least the minimum value as stated on the Website from time to time.Subscription products are excluded from the Referral Scheme.If
you are participating in the Referral Scheme, you undertake to do this
on a personal basis and not share your referral code in any affiliate
schemes, blogs, cash-back offers and/or any other promotions of this
nature.We may, in our sole discretion, withdraw your credit
generated from the Referral Scheme and/or close your account, at any
time if we believe or suspect that your use of the Referral Scheme is
fraudulent, misleading or contrary to these terms. This includes, but is
not limited to, posting your referral code on social sites.