https://www.weathervane.com/privacy-usage-policy/
Created with Sketch.
Created with Sketch.
Toggle menu
Gift Certificate
0
Search
Reset Search
×
Main Menu
Testimonials
Weathervane Shoppe Awards
Gift Certificate Samples
Shipping & Returns
Privacy/Usage Policy
Contact Us
Shop By Category
Happy Holiday Sale
New Arrivals
Weathervanes
Custom Weathervanes
SWEN Products Weathervanes
Aircraft
Collegiate
Dogs and Cats
Farm Animals
Hobby & Variety
Horses
Military
Ships & Sea Creatures
Vehicles
Wild Animals
Mounts and Accessories
Weathervanes by Theme
Garden/Cottage Weathervanes
Airplane Weathervanes
Angel Weathervanes
Arrow Weathervanes
Automobile Weathervanes
Bear Weathervanes
Bi-plane Weathervanes
Bird Weathervanes
Blue Heron Weathervanes
Cat Weathervanes
Corvette Weathervanes
Cow Weathervanes
Deer Weathervanes
Dog Weathervanes
Dolphin Weathervanes
Dragon Weathervanes
Duck Weathervanes
Eagle Weathervanes
Fish Weathervanes
Flying Pig Weathervane
Garden/Cottage Weathervanes
Golf Weathervanes
Helicopter Weathervanes
Horse mantel/tabletop vanes
Horse Weathervanes
Mermaid Weathervanes
Moose Weathervanes
Motorcycle Weathervanes
Nautical Weathervanes
Pelican Weathervanes
Rabbit Weathervanes
Retriever weathervanes
Rooster Weathervanes
Sailboat Weathervanes
Smithsonian Weathervanes
Tractor Weathervanes
Train Weathervanes
Whale Weathervanes
Witch Weathervanes
Dalvento Weathervanes
Dalvento Vane Mounts
EZ Vanes Weathervanes
Accessories and Parts
Birds and Butterflies
Collegiate
Dogs and Cats
Horses
Huey Weathervanes
Military
Recreation
Rodeo
Seasonal
Vehicles
Whimsical
Wildlife
Good Directions Vanes
Hanging Copper Figures
Mantel Vanes & Table Vanes
Smithsonian Weathervanes
Garden and Cottage Weathervanes
Standard Weathervanes
Large Weathervanes
Mounts (Good Directions Only)
Montague Weathervanes
100 Series Weathervanes
200 Series Weathervanes
300|400|500 Series Weathervanes
Upper Deck Weathervanes
Cottage Weathervanes
Garden Size Cast Iron Weathervanes
Standard Weathervanes
Large Weathervanes
Mounts (Upper Deck Only)
Whitehall Weathervanes
Cupolas
Custom Copper, Wood, Vinyl Cupolas
Cupolas for Barns, Sheds, Garages, Gazebos
Good Directions Cupola
Smithsonian Series Cupolas
Vinyl Cupolas
Cypress Cupolas
Royal Crowne Cupolas
Designer Series
Estate Gazebo Series
Estate Series
Select Series
Shed Series
Signature Series
Sundance Series
Standard Gazebo Series
Roof Finials
Custom Copper Roof Finials
Dalvento Finials
Bostonian
Florentine
Kyoto
Londoner
Mini-fini
Parisian
Provence
Roman
Venetian
Dalvento Finial Mounts
Good Directions Finials
Upper Deck Finials
Chimney Caps & Pots
Roof
Vents & Dormers
Yard and Garden
Armillary Spheres and Sundials
Copper Roof Accents
Copper Mail Boxes
Flag Pole Eagles
Pickleball Gift Ideas
Hanging Copper Figures
Professionals
Shop By Brand
Royal Crowne
Good Directions
SWEN
Dalvento
EZ Vane
Upper Deck
Cupola Depot
Montague Metals
Whitehall
Still River
Weathervane Shoppe
View all Brands
Gift Certificates
Login or Sign Up
Home
Privacy/Usage Policy
Privacy/Usage Policy
PRIVACY POLICYHow We Collect Information
Many of the ways in which you interact with our site allow us to learn more about you. We collect and store statistics and other information about the online activities of our visitors on an aggregated (collective) basis. For example, we track the number of people who view each page to learn which features are the most popular. But in these, and almost all other instances, we do not obtain personally identifiable information about you.
In those instances where we do collect personally identifiable information, you have the option of choosing to reveal it to us. Examples of when you voluntarily submit this kind of information include when you fill out the registration page, send us feedback or agree to submit your E-mail to us when you enter our site.
How We Use and Disclose Your Information
We do not sell your personally identifiable information to third parties. We do not sell your E-mail addresses or your name and personal demographic information to mass marketers. We use your information on an aggregated basis to do such things as operate our site, enhance our site and sell and deliver advertising. We also use this data, both aggregated and personally identifiable, to enhance your on-site experience by displaying content and marketing messages that we believe will be of interest to you.Controlling or Changing Your Information You can access and update your personal information by going to our Store Front and clicking on the Account button. Cookies and Other Tracking Methods Cookies are small pieces of information stored on your hard drive, not on our site. We use cookies or, in a limited number of cases, IP addresses for a number of reasons. First, cookies allow you to store your password without having to constantly re-enter it. Second, cookies can also help us to tailor a Web site or a marketing message to better match your needs and interests. Third, cookies allow us to better understand how users use our site, which in turn helps us focus our resources on features that are most popular with our users. You are always free to decline our cookies if your browser permits, but some parts of our site may not work properly if you do.
USAGE POLICYGeneral Information
This site contains material about Weathervane.com and its various products that may be of interest to Weathervane.com employees, customers and shareholders, as well as to members of the Internet community and the general public. Please feel free to browse this web site. Your access and use of the information contained herein is subject to the following terms and conditions and all applicable laws. By accessing and browsing this web site, you accept, without limitation or qualification, these terms and conditions and acknowledge that they supersede any other agreement between you and Weathervane.com.
Weathervane.com maintains this web site for your personal use. This web site and its contents are intended to comply with the laws and regulations of the United States. While you can access this web site from outside the United States, our server is located within the United States, and the web site it is intended to be used by residents located in the United States.
Copyright And Restriction On Use Of Material (Noncommercial Use)
This web site is copyright protected. Any textual or graphic material you copy, print, or download from this web site is licensed to you by Weathervane.com and/or its subsidiaries for your personal, noncommercial home use only, provided that you do not change or delete any copyright, trademark or other proprietary notices.
Limitation of Liability
Weathervane.com will use reasonable efforts to include accurate, complete and up-to-date information on this web site, but Weathervane.com makes no warranties or representations as to its accuracy, completeness or frequency that it is updated. All users agree that access to this web site is at their own risk, and that neither Weathervane.com nor any party involved in creating or delivering this web site shall be liable for damages of any kind, including without limitation, any special, direct or indirect, incidental, or consequential or punitive damages (even if Weathervane.com has been advised of the possibility of such damages) arising out of access to, or use of the information contained on this web site, or any errors or omissions, misprints, out-of-date information, technical or pricing inaccuracies, typographical or other errors appearing on this web site. This limitation includes damages to, or for any viruses that may infect, your computer equipment.
Disclaimer
Information and related materials are subject to change without notice. This web site, and all information and related materials it contains, are provided "as is." Weathervane.com makes no representation or warranty whatsoever regarding the completeness, accuracy, up-to-dateness, or adequacy of, or the suitability, functionality, availability, or operation of this web site or the information or materials it contains. By using this web site, you assume the risk that the information and materials on this web site may be incomplete, inaccurate, out of date, or may not meet your needs and requirements. Weathervane.com specifically disclaims all warranties, express or implied, including without limitation, the warranties or merchantability, fitness for a particular purpose, and non-infringement with respect to this web site and information, graphics and materials contained herein.
Links to Other Web Sites
This web site may contain links to, or be accessed from links on, other world wide web sites. Weathervane.com does not have responsibility for, or control of, the contents, availability, operation or performance of other web sites to which this web site may be linked or from which this web site may be accessed. Weathervane.com makes no representation regarding the content of any other web sites which you may access from this web site.
Concerning Your Privacy
Access to this web site may be monitored by Weathervane.com If monitored, the requesting URLs, the machine originating the request, and the time of the request, are logged for access statistics and security purposes. Your use and access of this web site constitutes your consent to such general monitoring. Please see Weathervane.com Privacy Policy for details on how information from the web site may be gathered and used.
Trademarks
All trademarks, logos and service marks appearing in this web site, and as designated with either a trademark symbol or type form that is different from the surrounding text, are trademarks owned by or licensed to Weathervane.com its subsidiaries or affiliates. Notwithstanding this disclaimer, all other names and marks mentioned in this web site are the trade names, trademarks or service marks of their respective owners.
No License
Nothing in this web site shall be construed as conferring by implication, estoppel or otherwise, any license or right to use in any form or manner any patent, copyright or trademark of Weathervane.com. Please be advised that Weathervane.com protects its intellectual property rights to the fullest extent of the law.
Submissions (Information To Weathervane.com)
The submission of any unsolicited information, such as questions, comments, or suggestions, to Weathervane.com, either through this web site or by any other means of communication, shall NOT be considered confidential. Weathervane.com shall have no obligation to you of any kind with respect to such information. By submitting any information to Weathervane.com, you understand that Weathervane.com shall be free to reproduce, use, disclose, display, exhibit, transmit, perform, create derivative works, and distribute the information to others without limitation, and to authorize others to do the same. In addition, Weathervane.com shall be free to use any ideas, concepts, know-how or techniques contained in such information for any purpose whatsoever, including but not limited to, developing, manufacturing and marketing products and other items incorporating such ideas, concepts, know-how or techniques.
Other
This agreement shall be governed by and construed in accordance with laws of the State of Indiana, United States of America, without giving effect to any principles of conflicts of law. If any provision of this agreement is held to be unlawful, void, or for any reason unenforceable, then that provision shall be eliminated or limited to the minimum extent necessary and such elimination or limitation shall not affect the validity and enforceability of any remaining provisions. This is the entire agreement between the parties relating to the subject matter herein and you agree to indemnify Weathervane.com for any claims or damages resulting from your failure to abide by these terms and conditions.
The Weathervane.com web site may be unavailable from time to time due to mechanical, telecommunication, software, hardware and third-party vendor failures, updating or construction. Weathervane.com cannot predict or control when such downtime may occur and cannot control the duration of such downtime.
Weathervane.com reserves the right to alter or delete material from this web site at any time.
Weathervane.com may, at any time, revise these Web site Usage Terms by updating this posting. You are bound by any such revisions and should, therefore, periodically review these terms to review the then current Usage Terms.
×
Quick Links
Testimonials
Weathervane Shoppe Awards
Gift Certificate Samples
Shipping & Returns
Privacy/Usage Policy
Contact Us
Connect with Us:
©
Weathervane & Cupola Shoppe
| Sitemap
| Premium BigCommerce Theme by Lone Star Templates
YOU ARE SHOPPING SAFELY - YOUR TRANSACTION IS ENCRYPTED BY A SECURE GEOTRUST SSL CERTIFICATE