https://www.wellnessresources.com/terms-conditions
Wellness Resources, Inc. Web SiteTerms and Conditions of UseUse of Web siteDisclaimerIndemnityLiability RestrictionsDisclaimer of WarrantiesDomestic Use/Export RestrictionEnforcement of Terms and Conditions/JurisdictionModificationsLinksSale of ProductsIntellectual Property RightsPrivacyUse of Web SiteBy using this web site (collectively referred to in these Terms of Use as our "Web site") you agree to be bound by the terms set forth herein. Wellness Resources, Inc. reserves the right, in its sole discretion, to make changes to our Web site, these Web site usage terms and conditions, the policies and conditions that govern the use of our Web site and/or an individual's access to this site at any time, or to terminate this site without notice. It is recommended that you, as a user of this Web site, read these terms and conditions each time you enter the WellnessResources.com site for any updates or changes. Your continued access or use of our Web site shall be deemed your acceptance of these changes and the reasonableness of these standards for notice of changes. If you do not agree and/or no longer agree to be bound by these Terms and Conditions, you may not use, and must immediately cease your use of, the WellnessResources.com Web site. When you access this site, you also acknowledge that you have read and agree to abide by the terms described in our Privacy Policy.The entire contents of this site are copyrighted under United States law. Materials from the www.WellnessResources.com Web site may not be copied, distributed or transmitted in any way without prior written consent of Wellness Resources, Inc.. Users of the site MAY download one copy of any and all materials on the site for personal, non-commercial use provided that they do not modify or alter the materials in any way, or delete or change any copyright or trademark notice. Wellness Resources, Inc. reserves complete title and full intellectual property rights for materials downloaded from the site.All material on this site is provided for lawful purposes only. You agree not to use the material on this site for illegal purposes or for the transmission of material that is unlawful, harassing, libelous, invasive of another's privacy, abusive, threatening, harmful, vulgar, obscene, or otherwise objectionable, or that infringes or may infringe the intellectual property or other rights of another or that violates any federal, state, or local law. You agree that Wellness Resources, Inc. may in its sole discretion terminate your access to our Web site, without notice, if we believe you have in any way violated our Terms of Use.DisclaimerThe Wellness Resources Web site provides information explaining how nutrition and nutritional supplements support the healthy structure and function of the human body. This information is provided for informational purposes only and is not meant to substitute for the advice provided by your doctor or other health care professional.Wellness Resources has been helping people understand natural health options for over 20 years. Our information is presented to you in the spirit of understanding that it is specifically to enhance the healthy structure and function of the body and no other reason.You should not use the information available on or through the WellnessResources.com Web site (including, but not limited to, information that may be provided by nutrition professionals or others employed by, or contracting with, Wellness Resources, Inc.) for diagnosing or treating a health problem or disease, or prescribing any medication or ceasing to use prescribed medication. Any questions about the need or use of drugs or medications, or a specific question about your health, should be directed to your physician. Nutritional supplements do not replace drugs or medications.Statements on our Web site regarding dietary supplements have not been evaluated by the Food and Drug Administration unless specifically so stated. Dietary supplements do not diagnose, cure, mitigate, treat, or prevent disease. No statement on our Web site is intended to convey the meaning, explicitly or implicitly, that a nutrient should or could be used in place of any drug or medication or that a dietary supplement can cure, mitigate, treat, or prevent disease.The dietary supplements discussed on this site may not have undergone evaluation and/or testing by the United States Food and Drug Administration or like agency of any other country. Risks that might be determined by such testing are unknown.In some jurisdictions around the world, some of our dietary supplements may be considered prescription drugs, controlled or contraband substances. Since the information published on the Wellness Resources.com Web site is accessible to anyone throughout the world, Wellness Resources does not give legal advice that may apply to any particular consumer. Consumers are cautioned to check with local, regionalized legal counsel and/or health care professional(s) before making any product purchases on the WellnessResources.com Web site.Any policy opinions expressed on this site, and on sites to which it may link, are not necessarily the views of Wellness Resources, Inc. and are not adopted for commercial purposes.IndemnityYou agree to indemnify and hold Wellness Resources, Inc. and our parents, affiliates (and their franchisees and licensees), and subsidiaries, officers, directors, employees, successors and assigns, harmless from any claim, loss or demand, including reasonable attorneys' fees, made by any third party due to or arising out of your use of our Web site, your connection to our Web site, your violation of these Terms and Conditions, or your violation of any rights of another party. This indemnity survives termination of these Terms and Conditions.Disclaimer of WarrantiesWellness Resources, Inc. makes no warranties nor express or implied representations whatsoever regarding the accuracy, completeness, timeliness, comparative or controversial nature, or usefulness of any information contained or referenced on this web site. Wellness Resources does not assume any risk whatsoever for your use of this web site or the information contained herein.Health-related information changes frequently and therefore information contained on our Web site may be outdated, incomplete or incorrect.Use of our Web site does not create an expressed or implied physician-patient relationship.You expressly agree that use of our Web site is at your sole risk and is provided on an "as is" and "as available" basis to the fullest extent permissible pursuant to applicable laws.Wellness Resources, Inc. expressly disclaims all warranties of any kind, whether express or implied, including, but not limited to the implied warranties of merchantability, fitness for a particular purpose and non-infringement. Wellness Resources, Inc. and its affiliates make no warranty, express or implied, that the Web site or any services, products, or information obtained on or through the Web site will meet your requirements or will be uninterrupted, timely, secure, or error free; nor does Wellness Resources, Inc. or its affiliates make any warranty, express or implied, as to the results that may be obtained from the use of the Web site or any services, products or information obtained on or through the Web site or as to the accuracy, completeness or reliability thereof. Wellness Resources, Inc. makes no commitment to update or correct any information that appears on the Web site or any Web site linked hereunder.You understand and agree that any material and/or information downloaded or otherwise obtained through the use of or from the Web site is done at your own discretion and risk and that you will be solely responsible for your use or nonuse of such information, including, without limitation, any damage to your computer system or loss of data that results from the download of such material and/or information and any bodily injury. Wellness Resources, Inc. is not responsible for technical, hardware or software failures of any kind; lost or unavailable network connections; incomplete, garbled or delayed computer transmissions. Under no circumstances will Wellness Resources, Inc. or its suppliers be liable for any damages or injury that result from the use of the materials on this site. Wellness Resources, Inc. and its affiliates make no warranty regarding any goods or services purchased or obtained through or from the Web site or any transactions entered into through the Web site. No advice or information, whether oral or written, obtained by you from Wellness Resources, Inc. or through or from any service or product on the Web site shall create any warranty not expressly stated herein. Some jurisdictions do not allow the exclusion of certain warranties for consequential or incidental damages, in which case the above limitation may not apply to you.Wellness Resources, Inc. may make changes to its Web site design, functionality and/or content at any time, and may provide links to other sites that are not maintained by Wellness Resources, Inc.. Wellness Resources, Inc. does not endorse those sites and is not responsible for the content of such other sites.Liability RestrictionsYou agree that Wellness Resources, Inc. and its affiliates shall not be liable for any direct, indirect, incidental, special, consequential or exemplary damages, resulting from the use or the inability to use the Web site or any services, products or information obtained on or through the Web site, even if Wellness Resources, Inc. or its affiliates have been advised of the possibility of such damages, including, without limitation, damages from: personal injury; downloading any material contained on or accessed through the Web site; linking to any third party Web site from the Web site; any unauthorized access to any information on the Web site and/or submitted by you to or through the Web site; cost of procurement of substitute goods and services; any goods or services purchased or obtained or messages received or transactions entered into through or from the Web site; and/or loss of profits, use, data or other intangible losses.You further agree that Wellness Resources, Inc. and its affiliates shall not be liable for any damages arising from interruption, suspension or termination of the Web site, including but not limited to direct, indirect, incidental, special, consequential or exemplary damages, whether such interruption, suspension or termination was justified or not, negligent or intentional, inadvertent or advertent. Some jurisdictions do not allow the limitation or exclusion of liability for incidental or consequential damages, in which case the above limitation may not apply to you.In using our Web site you agree that Wellness Resources, Inc. is or will be liable or otherwise responsible for any decision made or any action taken or any action not taken due to your use of any information presented at this web site.Domestic Use/Export RestrictionWellness Resources, Inc. controls the WellnessResources.com Web site from our offices within the United States of America. We make no representation that the Web site or its content (including, without limitation, any products or services available on or through the Web site) is appropriate or available for use in other locations. Users who access the Web site from outside the United States of America do so on their own initiative and must bear all responsibility for compliance with local laws, if applicable. Further, the United States export control laws prohibit the export of certain technical data and software to certain territories. No content from the Web site may be downloaded in violation of United States law.Enforcement of Terms and Conditions/JurisdictionThese terms and conditions are governed and interpreted pursuant to the laws of the State of Minnesota, United States of America, notwithstanding any principles of conflicts of law. If any part of these terms and conditions is unlawful, void or unenforceable, that part will be deemed severable and will not affect the validity and enforceability of remaining provisions. Any claim relating to Wellness Resources, Inc. Web site, our Web site Terms and Conditions, and the relationship between you and Wellness Resources, Inc. shall be governed by the laws of the United States and the State of Minnesota without regard to its conflict of law provisions. You and Wellness Resources, Inc. agree to submit to the personal and exclusive jurisdiction of the courts located within the State of Minnesota.These Terms and Conditions and our Privacy Policy constitute the entire agreement between you and Wellness Resources, Inc. with respect to the WellnessResources.com Web site; provided, however, that certain provisions of these Terms and Conditions may be super ceded by expressly designated legal notices or terms which may be located on particular pages on the WellnessResources.com Web site. Our failure to exercise or enforce any right or provision of these Terms and Conditions shall not constitute a waiver of such right or provision by us. If any provision of these Terms and Conditions is found by a court of competent jurisdiction to be invalid, the parties nevertheless agree that the court should endeavor to give effect to the parties' intentions as reflected in the provision, and the other provisions of our Terms and Conditions remain in full force and effect. Your agree that regardless of any statute or law to the contrary, any claim or cause of action arising out of or related to use of the Web site or our Terms and Conditions must be filed within one (1) year after such claim or cause of action arose or be forever barred.Wellness Resources, Inc. can revise these terms and conditions at any time by updating this online posting. Wellness Resources, Inc. may terminate this agreement at any time without notice for any reason. Users may terminate this agreement by destroying all materials obtained from Wellness Resources, Inc. Web site.ModificationsWellness Resources, Inc. reserves the right to modify or discontinue, temporarily or permanently, the WellnessResources.com Web site as a whole and/or any or all of the Web site features, products, prices of products, services or information appearing on, or available through, any or all of the Web site with or without notice to you. You agree that Wellness Resources, Inc. shall not be liable to you or any third-party for any modification or discontinuance of such features, products, prices, services, or information on the Web site or the Web site itself.LinksWellness Resources, Inc. Web site provides links to other third party web sites or resources. These links are for your convenience only and are not under our control. You acknowledge and agree that Wellness Resources, Inc. is not responsible for the availability of such external sites or resources, and does not endorse any such site, its use or contents and is not responsible or liable for any content, advertising, products, or other materials on or available from such web sites or resources. You agree that Wellness Resources, Inc. shall not be responsible or liable, directly or indirectly, for any damage or loss caused or alleged to be caused by or in connection with your use of or reliance on any such content, goods or services available on such external sites or resources. In the event you decide to access or use any of these other web sites or resources, you agree you do so at your own risk.Sale of ProductsYou may be provided with the opportunity to purchase products and/or services through Wellness Resources, Inc. Web site and/or from third party web sites linked to Wellness Resources, Inc. Web site. Products and/or services purchased through third-party web sites are subject to the terms and conditions of such other parties and their web sites, and Wellness Resources, Inc. shall have no liability or responsibility theretofore.Intellectual Property RightsThe Wellness Resources name and logo are registered trademarks of Wellness Resources, Inc. Wellness Resources, Inc. also has trademark and service mark rights in the names of many products featured for sale on our Web site. Trademarks and service marks may not be used without express permission.All content published on the WellnessResources.com Web site, with the exception of that acquired from third-party syndication sources as noted on applicable content page(s), is ©2000-2017 by Wellness Resources, Inc. All rights reserved. No content may be reproduced by any means, in part or in whole, without the express written consent of Wellness Resources, Inc.PrivacyWellness Resources, Inc. operates under a strict set of privacy principles, taking care to respect the privacy of its online visitors. Read our Privacy Policy here.How To Contact Us Should you have other questions or concerns about these legal notices and/or the practices of this Web site, please contact us at:Wellness Resources, Inc.7155 Amundson AvenueEdina, MN 55439800-717-9355952-929-4575
0 Checkout
Free Shipping on U.S. orders of $75+  Valid for orders shipped within the U.S. or to a military APO/ FPO/ DPO  $6.50 flat-rate shipping on U.S. orders up to $75  $10 flat-rate shipping to Canada  Expedited and international shipping options available. Calculate shipping cost in shopping cart.  Orders ship same day! (Monday - Friday, orders must be placed by 2:30 p.m. CST, in-stock items.) Orders ship from Minneapolis, MN.