http://www.onenessjewelry.com/policies
Product Search  |  Checkout  |  Home  |  Your Order Status
Got questions??
Call us!  We're here to help.
916-865-9123
Save this on Delicious
Cart
Items:
0
Subtotal:
$0.00
Credit Card Processing
Sort By:
Name - Ascending
Name - Descending
Price - Ascending
Price - Descending
SKU - Ascending
SKU - Descending
Search by Keyword
Search
Return Policy
Your satisfaction is of utmost imporance to us. If you are not satisfied with your purchase of one of our standard stoles (without customization), simply return the product within 30 days with a copy of your receipt and your purchase price will be refunded, less shipping and handling charges.
Stoles with custom embroidery additions, substitutions, or changes to our standard designs are not returnable.
All products to be returned must be returned within 30 days of the sale date in re-sellable condition.
Please follow the procedure below to make certain your refund is handled promptly:
1.  Ship the product to us at:
Oneness Interfaith Stoles & More
1697 Avian Hill Place
Lincoln, CA  95648
(We strongly advise you to insure any merchandise you return.  We cannot be responsible for return shipments lost during shipping)
2.  Indicate the reason for the return.  We need this information so we can improve our service.
3.  Include customer name, complete mailing address, telephone number, email address and a copy of your receipt.
4.  We will process your refund and send a confirmation via email.
Privacy Policy
We firmly believe in maintaining the privacy of nonpublic personal information we collect from individuals who visit our website  We want you to understand how and why we collect, use and disclose the personal information about you on OnenessInterfaith.com.  We use the information you voluntarily provide, together with information regarding the manner in which you use our website, to provide you with requested information, to process your orders, and to improve our website and our products and services. We are committed to data security, and to protecting the personal information of our customers.  We may update our Privacy Policy periodically, so please check back here for the latest version of our Privacy Policy.
Information Gathered on the OnenessInterfaith.com Site
We do not collect any personal information about you unless you choose to provide it to us voluntarily.  We define “personal information” as information that is unique to you and might include your phone number(s), name, address, e-mail address,  and the content of e-mail submissions sent to us, when voluntarily submitted by visitors to our site.  If you encounter a screen or page that requests information you do not want to share with us, do not enter the information and do not proceed with the screen or page.
Certain non-personal information is also automatically collected from our visitors when they access our site, such as information about traffic patterns on the OnenessInterfaith.com website, the total number of users logging into the site on a daily basis, which page(s) users access, the URL from which each user comes, and the type of browser used by each user.
What Do We Do With This Information?
If you do provide us with personal information, we will only use it for the purposes described where it is collected (e.g., processing orders).  We will not sell, license, transmit or disclose this information outside of Oneness Interfaith Stoles & More unless (1) you expressly authorize us to do so, (2) it is necessary to allow our contractors or agents to provide services for us, and/or (3) in order to ship our products to you.
Non-personal information collected from users of the OnenessInterfaith.com site is used internally to improve our site and our products and services.
Email
We appreciate your questions and comments about our website, products and services and welcome your email message to Support@OnenessInterfaith.com.  We will share your messages with those within our organization who are most capable of addressing the issues maintained in your message.  We will keep a copy of your message until we have had an opportunity to address your concerns.  We may archive your message for a certain period of time or discard it.
Links to Other Websites
For your convenience, we may provide links to other websites and web pages that we do not control.  We cannot be responsible for the privacy practices of any websites or pages not under our control and we do not endorse any of these websites or pages, the services or products described or offered on such sites or pages, or any other content contained on those sites or pages.
Phone: 916-865-9123   •   Lincoln, CA
Email: Support@OnenessInterfaith.com