http://www.erwinpearl.com/pages/terms-and-conditions
Login
/ Join
/
Search
0 / $0.00
Cart
Facebook
Instagram
What's New
Collections
Don't Forget Me Mask Chain Holder
Samson Bold Chain
The Look Of Diamonds CZ Collection
Reversible Hug Earrings
The Van Gogh Collection
New York Botanical Garden Collection
Diamond Cut Circles Of Love
Pearls
Snakeskin Bangles
Ipanema Blue Topaz
Lucky Skulls Collection
Necklaces
Cubic Zirconia Necklaces
Van Gogh Necklaces
Diamond Cut Circles of Love Necklaces
Bamboo Necklaces
Garden of Love Necklaces
Fashion Chain Necklaces
Bracelets
Cubic Zirconia Bracelets
Sterling Silver Bracelets
Van Gogh Bracelets
Diamond Cut Circles of Love Bracelets
Snakeskin Bangles Collection
Maya Bracelets
Bamboo Bracelets
Earrings
Button
Clip
Drop
Hoops
Pierced
Studs
Rings
Cubic Zirconia Rings
14K Gold Rings
Sterling Silver Rings
Diamond Cut Circles of Love Rings
Van Gogh Rings
Bamboo Rings
Handbags
Accessories
Scarves
Reading Glasses
Sunglasses
Cuff Links
Neckties
Pocket Squares
About Us
Careers With Erwin Pearl
Our History
Store Locations
What's new with Erwin Pearl
Sale
Find A Store
Free Shipping On All Orders Over $175
Terms and Conditions
Sales Tax
We collect Sales Tax in Illinois, New York and Rhode Island based on zip codes.
Shipping Charges
All jewelry is shipped in a beautiful pouch and box. Shipping Charges are as follows:
Shipping:
Free UPS Ground: Free in the continental US for orders over $175.00
UPS Ground: $8.00UPS 2nd Day Air:  $15.00 (US orders only)UPS Next Day Air:  $50.00 (US orders only)UPS Next Day/Saturday Delivery:  $65.00 (US orders only)
UPS Ground Alaska/Hawaii: $45.00
'Next Day' and 'Second Day' shipments are UPS definitions which only include weekdays. Weekends and holidays are not counted.
We try to ship all orders received by 2:30PM Eastern Time the same day, but if item is backordered we will need more time. If more than one extra day is needed and expedited shipping is requested, we will notify you via email. Items ordered after 2:30 PM Eastern Time on a Friday will be shipped the following Monday.
Please email customersvc@epearl.com regarding price of foreign shipments.  Customer will be responsible for all import tax and custom costs.
Return Policies
To return an item purchased on the Internet, please contact Customer Service (customersvc@epearl.com ) for a return authorization number. Return authorization number is to be marked on the package.  Packages without a return authorization number will be refused .Merchandise should be sent with a copy of your Internet receipt attached.  Our standard policy for Internet returns is full merchandise refund for the first two weeks after you receive the jewelry.  Gift recipients are entitled to merchandise store credit within two weeks of purchase, providing the merchandise is returned unworn in it's original packaging.To return an item purchased at one of our stores, please call the store you got it from. A list phone numbers is on the Store Location page on this site. For Internet questions, please call Customer Service at 646 -384 -5844.
Privacy Statement for
http://www.erwinpearl.comErwin Pearl has created this privacy statement in order to demonstrate our firm commitment to privacy. The following discloses our information gathering and dissemination practices for this website: http://www.erwinpearl.com.Your IP address is used to help identify you and your shopping cart.Our site uses cookies to keep track of your shopping cart.Our site's registration form requires users to give us contact information (like their name and email address). We use customer contact information from the registration form to send the user information about our company. Users may opt-out of receiving future mailings; see the choice/opt-out section below.Our site uses an order form for customers to request information, products, and services. We collect visitor's contact information (like their email address) and financial information (like their account or credit card numbers). Contact information from the order form is used to send orders to our customers. Users may opt-out of receiving future mailings; see the choice/opt-out section below. Financial information that is collected is used to bill the user for products and services.
Security
This site has security measures in place to protect the loss, misuse and alteration of the information under our control. Security of on-line information is handled by the most current SSL (Secure Sockets Layer) encryption technology from Verisign, the industry standard.
Choice/Opt-Out
This site gives users the following options for removing their information from our database to not receive future communications or to no longer receive our service. 1.You can send email to customersvc@epearl.com2.You can send mail to the following postal address: 389 Fifth Avenue NY, NY 10016 3.You can call the following telephone number:646 -384 -5844.
Contacting the Web Site
If you have any questions about this privacy statement, the practices of this site, or your dealings with this Web site, you can contact Customer ServiceErwin Pearl389 Fifth Avenue New York, NY 10016customersvc@epearl.com
Left
Continue shopping
Your Order
You have no items in your cart
Subtotal:
$0.00
View Cart