http://www.rosenbaumfineart.com/privacy-policy/
Skip to main content
Call us
5619949180
Contact
Enquire
Rosenbaum Contemporary
Menu
Artists
Photography
RC2 Gallery
Exhibitions
Shop
News
About Us
Contact Us
Cart
0 items
$
Checkout
Item added to cart
View cart and checkout
Continue shopping
Privacy Policy
We are committed to protecting and respecting the privacy of our clients and visitors. This policy sets out the basis on which any personal data we collect from you or you provide to us will be processed, shared or transmitted by us. Please read the following carefully to understand our practices regarding your personal data and how we will treat it.
Rosenbaum Contemporary is the Data Controller, for the purpose of compliance under the Data Protection Act 1998, the Privacy and Electronic Communication (EC Directive) Regulations 2003 and the EU General Data Protection Regulation. Rosenbaum Contemporary can be contacted at 150 Yamato Road, Boca Raton, FL 33431.
Our Data Promise last updated: May 25, 2018.
What type of information and data do we collect about you?
We may collect and process the following data about you:
Information you give us. You may provide us with personal information about you by completing the request forms on our website or by corresponding with us by phone, e-mail or otherwise. You may also provide us with information when you search for information or products on our website, order a product on our website, contact us via the website or report a problem with our website. We may collect your personal data to inform you of the various products and services we offer. The information you give us may include your name, address, e-mail address, phone number and financial and credit card information.
Information we collect about you. Each time you visit our website, we may automatically collect the following information:
Technical information, including the internet protocol (IP) address used to connect your computer to the internet, your login information, browser type and version, time zone setting, browser plug-in types and versions, operating system and platform.
Information about your visit, including the full Uniform Resource Locators (URL) clickstream to, through and from our website (including date and time); products you viewed or searched for; browser version; page response times, download errors, length of visits to certain pages, page interaction information (such as scrolling, clicks, and mouse-overs), and methods used to browse away from the page and any phone number used to call our customer service number.
This information may be collected by placing Cookies on your computer. Please see below for more information about the way we use Cookies.
Information you provide to us. When you use our services, you may provide us with the following information:
Information about you which may include name, address, email address,  telephone number and financial or credit card information used to purchase items in our Gallery Shop.
Information we receive from other sources. We may receive information about you:
When you use any of the other services we provide.
From the third parties we work with (including, for example, sub-contractors, payment and delivery services, analytics providers, search information providers and credit reference agencies).
How do we use your information?
We use information held about you in the following ways:
Information you give to us. We will use this information:
to carry out our obligations arising from any contracts entered into between you and us and to provide you with the information, products and services you request from us;
to provide you with information about other goods and services we offer similar to those you have already purchased or enquired about;
to notify you about changes to our service;
to ensure content from our website is presented in the most effective manner for you and for your computer;
to provide marketing information to you and for the purposes of customer support, billing and for auditing services.
Information we collect about you. We will use this information:
to administer our website, applications and for internal operations, including troubleshooting, data analysis, testing, research, statistical and survey purposes;
to improve our website and applications to ensure content is presented in the most effective manner for you and for your computer;
as part of our efforts to keep our website and applications safe and secure;
to measure or understand the effectiveness of advertising we serve to you and others, and to deliver relevant advertising to you; and
to make suggestions and recommendations to you and other users of our website and applications about goods or services which may interest you or them.
Information we receive from other sources. We may combine this information with information you give to us and information we collect about you. We may us this information and the combined information for the purposes set out above (depending on the types of information we receive).
When we may disclose your information to others
We may share your personal information with any member of our group.
We may share your information with selected third parties including:
Business partners, suppliers and sub-contractors for the performance of any services we supply to you.
Analytics and search engine providers who assist us in the improvement and optimization of our website.
Payment and credit card processing agencies.
We may disclose your personal information to third parties:
In the event we sell or buy any business or assets, in which case we may disclose your personal data to the prospective seller or buyer of such business or assets.
If we or substantially all of our assets are acquired by a third party, in which case personal data held by it about its customers will be one of the transferred assets.
If we are under a duty to disclose or share your personal data in order to comply with any legal obligation, or in order to enforce or apply our website’s terms of use or our terms and conditions of supply and other agreements; or to protect our rights, property, or safety or that of our customers or others. This includes exchanging information with other companies and organizations for the purposes of fraud protection and credit risk reduction.
How do we use Cookies on our website?
Our website uses cookies to distinguish you from other users of our website. This helps us to provide you with a good experience when you browse our website and also allows us to improve our website.
A cookie is a small file of letters and numbers that we store on your browser or the hard drive of your computer if you have not disabled cookies in your browser. Cookies contain information that is transferred to your computer's hard drive.
We may use the following cookies:
Strictly necessary cookies. These are cookies that are required for the operation of our website. They include, for example, cookies that enable you to use our online ordering services and forms.
Analytical/performance cookies. They allow us to recognize and count the number of visitors and to see how visitors move around our website when they are using it. This helps us to improve the way our website works, for example, by ensuring that users are finding what they are looking for easily.
Functionality cookies. These are used to recognize you when you return to our website. This enables us to personalize our content for you and remember your preferences.
Targeting cookies. These cookies record your visit to our website, the pages you have visited and the links you have followed. We will use this information to make our website and any marketing messages displayed on it respect your preferences. We may also share this information with third parties for this purpose.
Please note third parties (including, for example, social sharing services, advertising networks and providers of external services like web traffic analysis services) may also use cookies, over which we have no control. These cookies are likely to be analytical/performance cookies or targeting cookies.
You may block cookies by activating the setting on your browser which allows you to refuse the placing of all or some cookies. However, if you use your browser settings to block all cookies (including essential cookies) you may not be able to access all or parts of our website.
Except for essential cookies, all cookies will remain unless the cookie cache is cleared. Unless otherwise indicated above.
Where we store your personal data
The data that we collect from you may be transferred to, and stored at, a destination outside the European Economic Area ("EEA"). It may also be processed by staff operating outside the EEA who work for us or for one of our suppliers. Such staff may be engaged in, among other things, the fulfillment of your order, the processing of your payment details and the provision of support services. By submitting your personal data, you agree to this transfer, storing or processing. We will take all steps reasonably necessary to ensure your data is treated securely and in accordance with this privacy policy.
Security of your information
Any payment transactions will be encrypted.
Unfortunately, as you are aware, the transmission of information via the Internet is not completely secure. Although we will do our best to protect your personal data, we cannot guarantee the security of your data transmitted to our website; any transmission is at your own risk. Once we have received your information, we will use strict procedures and security features to try to prevent unauthorized access.
Your rights
You have the right to ask us not to process your personal data for marketing purposes. We will usually inform you (before collecting your data) if we intend to use your data for such purposes or if we intend to disclose your information to any third party for such purposes. You can exercise your right to prevent such processing by checking any relevant boxes on forms we use to collect your data.
Under the EU General Data Protection Regulation You also have the right to revoke or amend any consent you have provided allowing us to store and use your personal data.
You can also exercise your data rights at any time by contacting us at info@rosenbaumcontemporary.com.
Links to other websites
Our website contains links to and from other websites. If you follow a link to any of these websites, please note these websites have their own privacy policies and we do not accept any responsibility or liability for these policies. Please check these policies before you submit any personal data to these websites.
Access to information
The Data Protection Act 1998 and the EU General Data Protection Regulation give you the right to access information held about you. Your right of access can be exercised in accordance with the Act and Regulation.
10. Changes to our privacy policy
Any changes we may make to our Privacy Policy in the future will be posted on this page and, where appropriate, notified to you by e-mail. Please check back frequently to see any updates or changes to our privacy policy.
11. Contact
Questions, comments and requests regarding this privacy policy are welcomed and should be addressed to info@rosenbaumcontemporary.com.
BOCA RATON GALLERY
150 Yamato Road, Boca Raton, FL 33431
P: 561 994 9180
Member of
Facebook, opens in a new tab.Instagram, opens in a new tab.Twitter, opens in a new tab.Youtube, opens in a new tab.Google+, opens in a new tab.Send an email
Copyright © 2020 Rosenbaum Contemporary
Privacy Policy
Accessibility Policy
Site by Artlogic