https://www.righttime.com/rt/returns.htm#privacy
my favorites
your cart
order status
login/register
blog
home
Menu
new products
shop all brands
newest arrivals
shop by movementautomaticmanual windquartz
shop by gender
mens
ladies
shop by priceup to $250$250 - $500$500 - $1000$1000 - $2500$2500 - $5000$5000 and up
shop by casesteeltitaniumceramicgoldsilvercomposite
shop pocket watches
shop clocks
shop accessories
shop Jewelryshop Pensshop Watch winders
pre-owned
shop all pre-owned
shop by movementautomaticmanual windquartz
shop by gender
mens
ladies
shop by priceup to $250$250 - $500$500 - $1000$1000 - $2500$2500 - $5000$5000 and up
shop by casesteeltitaniumceramicgoldsilvercomposite
we buy watches!
clearance
shop by brand:
shop by savings:
watch repairs
watch repair:
services we offer
repair pricing
factory warranty service
send us your watch
our watchmakers
tour our shop
as seen on TV
about us
our story
meet the team
tour our stores
Denver, Co
Highlands Ranch, Co
as seen on TV
events
Testimonials
contact us
store policy
New Products
Wrist Watches
Pocket Watches
Clocks
Accessories
Jewelry
Pens
Watch winders
New Arrivals
Pre-owned
Shop by Brand
New Arrivals
Mens
Womens
Pocket
Sell Your Watch
Clearance
Shop by Brand
Watch Repairs
Services
Pricing
Factory Warranty Service
Send Us Your Watch
Shop by Brand
Accutron WatchesAlexander Shorokhoff WatchesAlpina WatchesAnonimo WatchesArmourlite WatchesBall WatchesBelair WatchesBulova WatchesCasio WatchesCitizen WatchesCorum WatchesCuervo Y Sobrinos WatchesFrederique Constant WatchesGraham WatchesGrand Seiko WatchesHamilton WatchesLaco WatchesLuminox WatchesMaurice Lacroix WatchesMeistersinger WatchesMido WatchesMondaine WatchesMovado WatchesMuhle Glashutte WatchesOris WatchesPerrelet WatchesRado WatchesRaymond Weil WatchesReservoir WatchesSeiko WatchesShinola WatchesTutima WatchesU-Boat WatchesVictorinox Swiss Army WatchesZeitwinkel Watches
Belair Pocket Watches
Mondaine ClocksMuhle Glashutte ClocksSeiko Clocks
Citizen AccessoriesEverest AccessoriesMuhle Glashutte AccessoriesOris AccessoriesPocket Watch Chains AccessoriesSeiko AccessoriesSuunto AccessoriesTutima AccessoriesVictorinox Swiss Army AccessoriesWatch Tools Accessories
Bulova JewelryCharles Krypell JewelryMichael Aram JewelrySoho Jewelry
Montegrappa Pens
Benson Watch windersOrbita Watch windersWolf Watch winders
Search
Any Brand
88 RUE DU RHONE
ACCUTRON
AGASSIZ
ALEXANDER SHOROKHOFF
ALPHONSE MATILE
ALPINA
ANDROID
ANONIMO
ARMOURLITE
AUREOLE
AZIMUTH
B. R. M
B.R.M
BALL
BAUME & MERCIER
BELAIR
BELL & ROSS
BLANCPAIN
BOMBERG
BREITLING
BRERA OROLOGI
BULOVA
BVLGARI
CANDINO
CARTIER
CASIO
CAVENAGO
CHARRIOL
CHOPARD
CHRONOSWISS
CITIZEN
CONCORD
CORUM
CUERVO Y SOBRINOS
DANIEL JEANRICHARD
DUBEY & SCHALDENBRAND
DUNHILL
EBEL
EBERHARD
EDOX
ELGIN
EPOS
ERNST BENZ
ESQ BY MOVADO
ETERNA
FORTIS
FREDERIQUE CONSTANT
GENEVE
GIRARD PERREGAUX
GLYCINE
GORGE J VON BURG
GRAHAM
GRAND SEIKO
GUCCI
HAMILTON
HEUER
HEYWORTH
HUBLOT
I W C
ILLINOIS
JEAN LASSALE
JEAN MARCEL
JEANRICHARD
JUNGHANS
L.KENDALL
LACO
LANCASTER
LECOULTRE
LIMES
LONGINES
LUMINOX
MARTIN BRAUN
MAURICE LACROIX
MEISTERSINGER
MEMOSAIL
MIDO
MOMO DESIGN
MOMODESIGN
MONDAINE
MONTBLANC
MOVADO
MUHLE GLASHUTTE
NIVREL
NOMOS
OCEANUS
OFFICINA DEL TEMPO
OFFICINE PANERAI
OMEGA
OREFICI
ORIENT
ORIS
PAUL PICOT
PERRELET
RADO
RAYMOND WEIL
RENATO
RESERVOIR
ROCKWELL
ROLEX
SCHWARZ ETIENNE
SEIKO
SHINOLA
SKAGEN
SOTHIS
SPINNAKER
SUUNTO
SWISS MILITARY
TAG HEUER
TECHNOMARINE
TEMPTION
TIFFANY & CO
TISSOT
TONINO LAMBORGHINI
TOURNEAU
TRASER
TUDOR
TUTIMA
TX TECHNOLUXURY
U-BOAT
ULYSSE NARDIN
VAN DER BAUWEDE
VICTORINOX SWISS ARMY
WELDER
WENGER
ZEITWINKEL
ZENITH
Any Model
Any Movement
Automatic
Manual Wind
Quartz
Any Case
Steel
Titanium
Ceramic
Gold
Silver
Composite
from $
to $
You viewed
Compare ItemsYou may select/check up to 5 items to compare
Store Policy
GUARANTEED SATISFACTION STORE POLICY:
SHIPMENT:
We ship to every state in the US and many countries around the world. Orders received on a business day before 12:00 PM US Mountain Time (20:00 GMT) usually get processed and shipped the same day.
However, the order will be shipped only after payment is approved and your billing and shipping address is fully verified with your credit card company. This process can delay the shipment beyond our control as we are at the mercy of the bank.
Some countries banking laws do not permit banks to talk to anybody, but a cardholder - in this case we may ask you for your involvement or for some additional information.
All orders MUST be shipped to the BILLING NAME and ADDRESS on file with your credit card company (unless shipping to your work)!
If shipping address is different, you must first call your bank and add this new address to your profile as a temporary alternate address.
If you are shipping to work address - a name of the organization and general work phone number must be included for verification purpose.
If an item you have ordered is temporarily out of stock, you will be notified by an email or a phone call. You will NOT be charged for any item until
it is ready to be shipped.
All packages with insured value over $200 may require adult signature per carrier policy. All high value packages will be shipped with "Adult Signature Restricted" USPS service with recipient's ID verification.
Our Subsidized Discounted shipping rates are:
For WATCHES:
GROUND SERVICE (3-7 Days, Continental US) - FREE* for ALL WATCH orders
1-2 BUSINESS DAYS SERVICE (US only) - $25.00; $15.00 for watches over $200 and FREE* for watch orders over $1999
NEXT BUSINESS DAY AIR SERVICE (US only) - $45.00; $35.00 for watches over $200 and FREE* for watch orders over $2999
INTERNATIONAL AIR SERVICE (2-5 days) - $55.00 and FREE* for watch orders over $1999
For WATCHBANDS:
FIRST CLASS 3-7 DAYS - $2.95 and FREE* for band orders from $99
PRIORITY MAIL 2-3 DAYS - $9.95 and FREE* for band orders from $299
EXPRESS MAIL 1-2 DAYS - $25.00 and FREE* for band orders over $399
INTERNATIONAL AIR SERVICE (3-8 days) - $35.00 and FREE* for band orders over $499
Please note, that especially during the holiday season, the only service and delivery time guaranteed is NEXT BUSINESS DAY Shipping.
All other shipping services delivery dates and times are approximate and we are not held responsible for miss delivery on the part of the shipper.
TAXES and DUTY FEES:
Colorado residents pay 4.1% state sales tax. Denver residents - 3.62% city sales tax and Highlands Ranch - 1.00%.
We do NOT collect taxes for any other cities, states or countries.
International customers may have to pay an import duty fee or a VAT Tax imposed by your country's customs office,
as you are considered the importer of record and must comply with all laws and regulations of the country
in which you are receiving the goods.
Our customs forms for international packages list the full insured value with description of the product and will NOT be lowered if paid by a credit card.
WARRANTY:
NEW WATCHES and CLOCKS:
All merchandise sold as NEW is guaranteed to be genuine advertised brand product and in a brand new condition. Since we are a Factory Authorized agent for ALL of the brands we sell - you receive a FULL FACTORY warranty (from 1 to 5 years) from the day of purchase. All warranty information and conditions are included in a factory service booklet. If a problem ever occurs with an item during the warranty period - send it directly to the factory service center specified in the warranty booklet.
Brands that we are an Authorized Service Center for (Muhle Glashutte, Nivrel, Tutima, etc.) you may send the merchandise directly to the factory or to our service facility.
PRE-OWNED WATCHES:
All pre-owned watches are exactly in the condition stated in description and as shown on 3 sizes of digital pictures. ALL are genuine articles, as named on dial. We have serviced most of our pre-owned watches, except consigned, and offer a one year limited warranty.
PLACING AN ORDER:
When you are ready to place an order, click on "Add to Cart" button next to the item and place it in a shopping cart. If this is the only item you want to purchase click on "Proceed to Checkout" button and start filling out the personal information on a Secure Order Site in a SSL(Secure) protocol. If you would like to add more items to your cart click on "Continue Shopping" button and add more items before proceeding to checkout.
When filling out the order form: in a Billing Name and Address - provide the name as it is on card and address where this credit card's statement is mailed to. For Shipping Name and Address - provide us with a full information where you would like this item shipped.
For your and our protection, orders will be shipped only to your billing address; unless another address is on file at your bank. Please notify your credit card company of this alternate shipping address prior to placing
your order - it will save us all a lot of time and shipment will be made much faster. See sample here. On the next screen choose the shipping method and fill out your credit card information. When filling out the credit card information follow the screen and type exactly as it appears on your credit card. For security reasons we ask for a Credit Card Security Code that can only be found on the card itself. For American Express - it is a four digit number embossed on the front of the card and for other cards - it is a
very last three digit number printed on the back of the card in a signature area. See sample here. Read our store policy in a scrollable box below and check the "I accepts the store policy box" and press "next" button to finalize the order. See sample here. You can print the just completed order by pressing Print Receipt button on the next screen and an email with an order confirmation will arrive shortly at provided email address. Your credit card is NOT being charged automatically,
but rather entered manually by an order processor as soon as order is ready for shipment.
PAYMENT METHOD:
We accept all most popular forms of payment i.e. money orders, cashiers checks, Western Union, American Express, MasterCard, Visa, Discover, Diners Club and bank wire transfers.
Orders over $6,000 USD must be paid by bank wire transfer. Orders up to $6,000 may be paid using a credit card, however due to the risks involved in selling high-value items online, we reserve the right to refuse a credit card for payment or we may request supplemental information to verify identity. When placing an order for high value item, try to provide as much helping information as possible to speed up verification process, such as billing address, billing phone number, bank phone number and etc.
Do not put cell phone numbers, unless they are on file with bank. We will hold the orders for as long as it takes to have a positive answer from the bank and if there is a problem with verification, we will notify you via email or phone call. For our International customers, more and more countries are adopting stricter
privacy rules and will not cooperate with us or our bank, in this case the only way to complete the transaction of any amount, would be via bank transfer or order will be cancelled.
SHIPMENT TRACKING:
Usually, within the 24 hours that your order has been shipped, a Notice of Delivery will be emailed to you by the carrier. You can continue tracking your shipment
via the carrier website using the provided
tracking number. If you have further questions or did not receive an email confirmation from the carrier, please call 303-862-3901 or email us and we will be happy
to help you to track the package.
SECURITY:
SECURE SHOPPING GUARANTEE:
The Fair Credit Billing Act states that you cannot be held liable by your bank for more than $50.00 of fraudulent charges on your credit card. We are so confident in our security that if you are held liable for any part of the $50.00, we guarantee to cover that amount, up to the full $50.00. We will cover this liability only when fraudulent use of your credit card came as a result of transactions made at RightTime.com, through no fault of your own. You must contact and notify your credit card company immediately in the event of fraudulent use of your credit card, following their rules and procedures.
SECURITY:
Ensuring secure online purchasing is a vital part of our commitment to honor your privacy. RightTime.com website utilizes SSL (secure socket layers) to protect your personal information, including credit card numbers. SSL is used in order to encrypt all personal information, including your name and credit card number, so that it can't be read while being transferred from your web browser to our Internet site. Orders can only be completed using a browser that supports SSL. All versions of Microsoft Internet Explorer starting with 2.0 support SSL. All versions of Netscape Navigator starting with 2.0 support SSL.
If your browser does not support SSL or if you feel uncomfortable sending your personal information over the Internet, you can simply contact our customer service department to complete your order. Call us at toll free at 888-846-3388 for US/Canada customers or 303-691-9658 for international customers. Please have your product, shipping, and credit card information ready.
COOKIES:
A cookie is a piece of data stored on the user's computer tied to information about the user. Usage of a cookie is in no way linked to any personally identifiable information while on our site. We use both session ID cookies and persistent cookies. For the session ID cookie, once users close the browser, the cookie simply terminates.
ORDER:
We request information from the user on our order form. A user must provide contact information (such as name, email, and shipping address) and financial information (such as credit card number, expiration date, and billing address). This information is used for billing purposes and to fill customer's orders. If we have trouble processing an order, the information is used to contact the user.
PRIVACY:
RightTime.com absolutely does NOT share or sell any information about its customers, unless demanded by the Federal government under the Patriot Act!.
SPECIAL ORDER:
Special Order Merchandise - items that are not normally stocked by us or quantities larger than 2 of any one item , but available from the distributor and
we would be happy to bring it in at customer's written/verbal request or by placing a web order, or for items marked "special order".
We will notify, within 24 hours, on how long it would be before item will ship. You will be charged for this item as soon as we placed the order with factory or distributor.
Some special order items are made for each customer and may take 30 to 60 days to manufacture or import, plus delivery time.
Special Order Merchandise has the same 15 day return privilege but with a minimum 25% re-stocking fee.
LAYAWAY PLAN:
To ease the pain of making that one time large payment for the watch of your dreams - we offer a layaway plan that requires a 25% down payment and the freedom to pay it off in 4 months.
We will hold on to it and take it off the market for you, but ship it out with your final payment.
RETURN POLICY:
RightTime.com tries to satisfy every client. However; if for some reason, you are not completely happy with your purchase, we extend a fifteen (15) days return privilege on all new stocked merchandise and three (3) days on all pre-owned watches. PLEASE NOTE: Items from Specials/Clearance section or from Layaway are NOT subject to return for a refund, but in-store credit only.
For Christmas shopping, this privilege is extended - we will accept returns (only applies to new merchandise) or exchanges for 15 days after December 25th, starting with purchase date of December 1. Please follow these simple guidelines to speed up the transaction:
Before returning an item, please contact us first by either calling 1-888-846-3388 or e-mailing us at Returns for a Return Authorization number.
If there are any missing parts or items that did not arrive in the package, or damage occurred to an item or packaging during shipment, or package has been tampered with (we always use temper resistant tape) - you must report it to us immediately to the shipper and to us, within first 24 hours, so that we could take further action with shipper.
WE WILL REFUSE DELIVERY OF ANY PACKAGES WITHOUT A RETURN AUTHORIZATION (RA#_____) NUMBER WRITTEN CLEARLY ON A BOX!
Box must be shipped out to us within the 15 day period of the order date!
The items to be returned must be in new (does not apply to pre-owned), unused, and unworn condition. All original packaging materials and boxes, unused warranty cards, and all instruction booklets must also be returned. "New and unused" means that there are no scratches, marks, or blemishes on the item; there are no signs of wear on the product, the tags, or the case; and the product must not have been sized or altered in any way.
Please do NOT ATTEMPT to return a new item with ANY indication that it has been used or worn - it will be returned back or treated as a used item and a severe penalty (determined by us) will apply.
It takes approximately 3-5 days to process your refund once the item is back in our possession.
If the product you are returning included a special gift offer - all items must be returned.
ALL SHIPPING and INSURANCE CHARGES ARE NON-REFUNDABLE.
We will refund the full purchase price of the item less shipping and handling costs. For International customers, US Customs Office may
assess an import duty fee that will not be refunded. To avoid this fee YOU MUST contact your country's Customs Office or shipper and fill out
all of the proper documents prior to returning an item to us.
If purchase was paid using PayPal, a PayPal fee(3%) will be deducted from original purchase price.
If a FREE* metal watchband sizing was chosen, there will be a $10.00 fee deducted for this service.
Returns must be sent, with copy of an original receipt, prepaid and insured for the full purchase price to:
R.T.
7110 E. County Line Road
Highlands Ranch, CO 80126
RA #____________
Check with your choice of shipper: UPS, FedEx, or USPS to make sure that returning item can be adequately insured, as watches are considered jewelry and many companies have
restrictions on value and shipping method allowed. We encourage you to use a carrier that offers package-tracking capability.
If you have a hard time making shipping arrangements, contact our customer service and we can
arrange for a pickup with our carrier, but at your full expense.
SHIPMENT REFUSAL:
In case of shipment/order refusal, we will charge ALL shipping and handling charges
to and from the customer, plus ALL Custom's Fees in case of an International transaction.
REWARD POINTS:
The Right Time Rewards program is our way of saying "Thank You" for being our customer.
By creating an online account at www.RightTime.com, you are automatically enrolled in our Rewards program. Every purchase made on www.RightTime.com can earn you Reward Points which then can be redeemed against future purchases.
We keep you updated via email for opportunities to earn double or triple points during special times throughout the year. Your points will become available for redemption thirty days after the purchase has been shipped out to you.
Please note that we reserve the right to change the Reward Points monetary value, the number of Reward Points earned on a particular item at any time, and only the number of points stated at the time of purchase will be awarded.
The Right Time Rewards program is void where prohibited by law. We reserves the right to modify or cancel this program at any time and without cause or notice. Points are not redeemable for cash.
If you ever have any questions relating to our Rewards program, please email us Mail@RightTime.com or give us a call (303)862-3900 form 10 am to 6pm MST. Monday through Friday.
Frequently Asked Questions:
1. How do I view my Right Time Rewards Point balance?
To view your current Right Time Rewards balance, click on the "Login/Register" button on the top menu and log into your account. Your Right Time Rewards balance will be displayed on your account summary page.
2. Do I have to become a registered user to take advantage of the Right Time Rewards program?
Yes. Our system can only apply Reward Points for users who are registered. (Right Time Privacy Statement).
3. How do I redeem Right Time Reward Points that I've earned?
Your Right Time Reward points can be redeemed only for online purchases at www.Righttime.com. The process is easy. Just add your items to the shopping cart. When you are ready to checkout you will have an opportunity to log-in to your account. During the checkout process, you'll see your total balance of Right Time Reward Points and how many can be applied to the current purchase, along with how many points you will earn by completing the order. Choose the number of points that you would like to apply to your order, press the "Apply Points" button, and your reward will be applied.
4. If I use Right Time Reward Points toward a purchase, do I still earn rewards on that purchase?
Yes.
5. When do my Right Time Reward Points become available for redemption?
Right Time Reward Points earned through purchases can be used 30 days after the purchase, from which the points were earned, processed and shipped.
6. If I returned an item, will Reward Points be returned to my account?
Yes. If your return is approved by us or the purchase is canceled, the Right Time Reward Points will be returned to your account. (Right Time Return Policy)
7. How long do I have to use my Right Time Reward Points?
Right Time rewards will expire after three years.
8. Can Reward Points be transferred?
No. Right Time Reward points are not transferrable.
9. Can Right Time Reward points be accrued through purchases made in store or applied to purchases made in the store?
No, the Right Time Rewards program is for online purchases only. Points can only be earned through online purchases and can only be redeemed at RightTime.com.
DISCLAIMER:
While RightTime.com endeavors to provide the most accurate, up-to-date materials available,
the information, materials, products, and services available on this site may include inaccuracies, typographical errors, or outdated information.
Moreover, RightTime.com may make modifications or changes to the site or the information, materials, products, and services described in
this site at any time and for any reason. Items shown on pages of RightTime.com may look different, have a different stock, or vendor number
from the actual shipped items. It dose not in any way constitutes a switch of merchandise, only that such merchandise changes from time to time in its physical
appearance or numerical identification due to vendor's modifications or improvements.RightTime.com is not responsible for and need not to honor any typographical or pricing errors on the site; RightTime.com reserves the right to refuse or cancel orders at any time,
including but not limited to orders that contain incorrect prices or product descriptions.RightTime.com will use any shipping carrier and/or shipping method it deems feasible at the time of shipment. You assume the sole risk of making use or relying on the information, materials, products, and services available on this site. RightTime.com
makes no representations about the suitability, completeness, timeliness, reliability, legality in your jurisdiction, or accuracy of the information, materials, products, and services described or contained in this site for any purpose.
Except as set forth in the RightTime.com warranty policy statement applicable to products sold on the RightTime.com website, all information, materials, products, and services are provided "as is" without warranty of any kind,
including all implied warranties and conditions of merchantability, fitness for a particular purpose, title, and non-infringement.
*FREE shipping or service refers to any such offers mentioned on the original receipt and fee
for which was not collected at the time of original purchase or exchange.
However, in case of a final return, the original shipping, insurance, handling and other service fees will be charged back to the customer and deducted
from the total bill.
Customer's Testimonials
How To Contact Us
Phone: Toll Free 888-846-3388
International (303)862-3900
Fax: (303)862-3905
Email: Mail@RightTime.com
Or simply press here to send us your question/comment.
Highlands Ranch, CO303-862-3900
Denver, CO303-691-2521
Call Us Toll Free 888-846-3388
Horological Links
Questions & Answers
New Wrist Watches
New Pocket Watches
Clocks
Pre-Owned Watches
Clearance
Accessories
Jewelry Pens Watch winders
Repairs
Sell Your Watch
About Us
Contact Us
Store Policy
Testimonials
Why buy from us?
Site Map
© 2020 Righttime.com, Inc.