http://www.battingorders.com/privacy
Home
Batting Orders
Roster Forms
Contact Us
YL Instructions
Menu
All Sports Products LLC Privacy Policy
This Privacy Policy was last modified on February 7, 2014.  All Sports Products LLC, dba Mickey Shriver Official Batting Orders ("us", "we", or "our") operates http://www.battingorders.com.  This page informs you of our policies regarding the collection, use and disclosure of Personal Information we receive from users of the Site.  We use your personal Information to operate our website(s) and deliver the products you have requested.  We may also use your personal information to inform you of other products, services or promotions from our company and its affiliates.  We do not sell, rent, lease or share your information with third parties.  By using the Site, you agree to the collection and use of information in accordance with this policy.  We may ask you to provide us with certain personally identifiable information that can be used to contact or identify you.  Personally identifiable information may include, but is not limited to your name, organization and contact information.LOG DATALike many site operators, we collect information that your browser sends whenever you visit our Site ("Log Data"). This Log Data may include information such as your computer's Internet Protocol ("IP") address, browser type, browser version, the pages of our Site that you visit, the time and date of your visit, the time spent on those pages and other statistics.COOKIESCookies are files with small amount of data, which may include an anonymous unique identifier.  Cookies are sent to your browser from a web site and stored on your computer's hard drive.  Like many sites, we use "cookies" to collect information. You can instruct your browser to refuse  all cookies or to indicate when a cookie is being sent. However, if you do not accept cookies, you may not be able to use some portions of our Site.SECURITYThe security of your Personal Information is important to us, but remember that no method of transmission over the Internet, or method of electronic storage, is 100% secure. While we strive to use commercially acceptable means to protect your Personal Information, we cannot guarantee its absolute security.CHANGES TO THIS PRIVACY POLICYAll Sports Pins/Mickey Shriver Official Batting Orders may update this Privacy Policy from time to time. We will notify you of any changes by posting the new Privacy Policy on the Site. You are advised to review this Privacy Policy periodically for any changes.CONTACT USIf you have any questions about this Privacy Policy, please contact us.