http://www.therabreath.com/privacy/#ccpa
0
Your Privacy
Here at TheraBreath, we are committed to protecting your privacy. We use the
information we collect about you to process orders and to provide a more
personalized shopping experience. Please read on for more details about our
privacy policy.
What information do we collect and how do we use it?
How does Dr. Harold Katz, LLC/ TheraBreath protect
customer information?
What are cookies and what do they do?
Will Dr. Harold Katz, LLC/ TheraBreath disclose the
information it collects to outside parties?
How does Dr. Harold Katz, LLC/ TheraBreath allow customers be removed from
promotional emails?
How does Dr. Harold Katz, LLC/ TheraBreath protect the privacy of the children younger than 13?
California Consumer Privacy Act
Your consent
What
information do we collect and how do we use it?
When you order, we need to know your name, email address, mailing
address, credit card number, and credit card expiration date. This allows us to process and fulfill your order and to
notify you of your order status.
When you sign up for services like the Questionnaires or download
certain software such as the eBooks, we may ask for demographical information.
We use the information to better understand our customers.
We may personalize your shopping experience by using your purchase
and site behavior to shape our recommendations about our other products and
merchandise that might be of interest to you. We also monitor customer traffic
and patterns and site usage to help us develop the design and layout of the
site
We may also use the information we collect to occasionally notify
you about important functionality changes to the web site, new Dr. Harold Katz,
LLC/ TheraBreath products, and special offers we think you'll find valuable. If
you would rather not receive this information, visit https://www.therabreath.com/unsubscribe/ and enter your email address. If you have more than one
email address, please include the others in your email. Please note that you
will be removed from our email distribution list and will no longer receive any
promotional emails from us. If you place an order with us, you will still
receive emails pertaining to any purchases you make from us.
We will never share
your personal information with any third-party. On rare occasions we may notify
you (with your permission) about a new product or service from a third-party
that we endorse. However this contact will always initiate from us and your
information will never be passed to that third party.
Non-Personally Identifiable Information: We may share non-personally identifiable information (such as anonymous usage data, referring/exit pages and URLs, platform types, number of clicks, etc.) with interested third parties to help them understand the usage patterns for our Service. Non-personally identifiable information may be stored indefinitely.
For visitors outside the USA and Canada: Dr. Harold Katz, LLC/ TheraBreath does not knowingly market to or solicit users from countries other than the United States and Canada. We do not knowingly collect or store data from users outside of the United States or Canada. We do not ship to International addresses or accept International billing addresses. If you are residing in other countries, you are discouraged from submitting data of any kind, including email addresses and if you do so, you agree that TheraBreath.com and Dr. Harold Katz, LLC are not liable for your data collection or storage. To access TheraBreath products and services from countries other than the United States or Canada, please click here.
Move to Top
How does Dr.
Harold Katz, LLC/ TheraBreath protect customer information?
Dr. Harold Katz, LLC/ TheraBreath uses the latest encryption technology to keep
your personal information safe. All of your ordering information -- including your
name, address, and credit card number — is encrypted using a secure server for
maximum security. Your credit card and billing information cannot be read as it
travels to our ordering system. We're so certain that our online order systems
are secure that we back it up with a guarantee. In the unlikely event that you
are subject to fraudulent charges, remember to first notify your credit card
provider in accordance with its reporting rules and procedures. If, for
whatever reason, you are held responsible for any fraudulent charges made on our
site, Dr. Harold Katz, LLC/ TheraBreath will cover the entire liability for
you, up to $50, as long as the unauthorized use of your credit card resulted
through no fault of your own from purchases made from Dr. Harold Katz, LLC/
TheraBreath while using our secure server.
Credit card transactions are handled by a third-party financial institution,
which receives the credit card number and other personal identifying
information only to verify the credit card numbers and process transactions. If
you feel more comfortable doing so, you are welcome to call in your credit card
information and complete your purchase by phone. Please call 1 (800) 973-7374
between the hours of 8:00 - 5:00 PST Monday - Friday.
Move to Top
What are cookies and what do they do?
"Cookies" are small pieces of information that are stored by your
browser on your computer's hard drive. Our site uses cookies to speed
navigation, keep track of items, and provide you with custom-tailored content.
We use cookies to remember information you gave to us so you don't have to reenter
it each time you visit our site. By showing us how and when shoppers use our
site, cookies help us see which areas are popular and which are not.
Many improvements and updates to our site are based on the data derived from
these cookies, such as total number of visitors, pages viewed, and the total
number of ads served. Most browsers are initially set to accept cookies. If you
would prefer, you can set yours to refuse cookies however you will not be able
to take advantage of all the features and pages with Dr. Harold Katz, LLC/
TheraBreath's website.
Move to Top
Will Dr.
Harold Katz, LLC/ TheraBreath disclose the information it collects to
outside parties?
We will never share your personal information with any third-party. On rare
occasions we may notify you (with your permission) about a new product or
service from a third-party that we endorse. However this contact will always
initiate from us and your information will never be passed to that third party.
Non-Personally Identifiable Information: We may share non-personally identifiable information (such as anonymous usage data, referring/exit pages and URLs, platform types, number of clicks, etc.) with interested third parties to help them understand the usage patterns for our Service. Non-personally identifiable information may be stored indefinitely.
Move to Top
How does Dr.
Harold Katz, LLC/ TheraBreath allow customers be removed from
promotional emails?
To unsubscribe from our emails, simply visit https://www.therabreath.com/unsubscribe/ and enter your email address. If you have more than one
email address, please include the others in your email. Please note that you
will be removed from our email distribution list and will no longer receive any
promotional emails from us. If you place an order with us, you will still
receive emails pertaining to any purchases you make from us.
Move to Top
How does Dr.
Harold Katz, LLC/ TheraBreath protect the privacy of the children
younger than 13?
Dr. Harold Katz, LLC/ TheraBreath is concerned about the privacy of young
children and does not knowingly collect any personal information from a child
under 13. We suggest that you become involved with your child's access to the
Internet and to our site to ensure that his or her privacy is well protected.
Move to Top
Your rights under the California Consumer Privacy Act
This section is provided
pursuant to the California Consumer Privacy Act of 2018 (the “CCPA”) and other
applicable California privacy laws. This section applies solely to our users
who are California residents as defined under applicable California privacy
laws.
Information We Collect
Within the last twelve (12) months, we
have or may have collected the following categories of information from our
users and/or consumers:
identifiers, such as a name, postal address, phone number,
credit card number, checking account number and routing number, IP address,
email address, or other similar identifiers;
characteristics of protected classifications under California or
federal law;
commercial information, such as records of products purchased
through our website, mail order, and/or telephone to our internal customer
service center;
internet or other similar network activity, such as browsing
history and other information regarding your interaction with our website, our
social media pages, or advertisement;
geolocation data;
inferences
drawn from any of the information identified in this section to create a
profile about users reflecting user preferences, characteristics, psychological
trends, predispositions, behavior, attitudes, intelligence, abilities, and
aptitudes.
Categories of Sources
from Which Information is Collected
We obtain the categories of personal
information listed above from the following categories of sources:
directly from users, such as you, as described above under
“Personal Information that You Provide to Us”;
indirectly from other users of our sites and services;
indirectly
from third-parties that interact with us in connection with the services that
we perform; and
directly
and indirectly through cookies and other technologies, as described above under
“Other Information We Automatically Collect through Cookies and Other
Technologies.”
Using and Sharing of
Personal Information
The personal information described in the
categories above may be used for the business purposes listed above under “How
We Use Personal Information.”
We disclose your personal information for
a business purpose to the following categories of third parties: (a) service
providers and (b) third parties to whom you authorize or direct us to disclose
your personal information in connection with our sites and services. In the
preceding twelve (12) months, we have disclosed the personal information
described in the categories above for the business purposes listed above under
“Sharing Personal and Non-Personal Information.” We also may share personal
information about you for any other purpose(s) disclosed to you at the time we
collect your information or with your consent.
Personal Information
“Sold” to Third Parties
We may share information that we have
about you, such as a cookie ID, IP address, or email address, with third-party
marketing partners who may use this information, on our behalf, to help us
deliver advertising on our sites as well as on third-party websites.
In the preceding twelve (12) months, we
have made available personal information included in the categories described
above to third-parties, including our third-party marketing partners to deliver
advertising. For more information about our use of cookies and other tracking
technologies, please read our Cookie
Policy.
We do not sell the personal
information of consumers to any third-party organization.
Your Access and
Deletion Rights under the CCPA
As of January 1, 2020, California
residents, as defined under applicable California privacy laws, may take
advantage of the following rights:
You may request, up to two (2) times each year, that we disclose
to you, once we receive and confirm your verifiable consumer request, the: (i)
categories and specific pieces of personal information that we have collected
about you; (ii) categories of sources from which your personal information is
collected; (iii) business or commercial purpose for collecting your personal
information; (iv) categories of personal information that we disclosed for a
business purpose; (v) categories of personal information that we sold about
you; (vi) categories of third-parties with whom we have shared your personal
information; and (vii) business or commercial purpose for selling your personal
information.
Subject to certain exceptions and up to two (2) times each year,
you may request that we delete any of your personal information that we
collected from you. Once we receive and confirmed your verifiable consumer
request for deletion, we will delete (and direct our service providers to
delete) such personal information from our records, unless an exception
applies. We have the right to keep any personal information of yours that relates
to an order of our products, as we may be required to present this information
when subpoenaed by law enforcement, when disputing a chargeback or investigating
fraudulent activity, for purposes of an audit, and other business, financial,
or police activity.
Exercising Your Access
and Deletion Rights under the CCPA
To exercise your access rights described
above, please submit a request to us by either:
sending an email to patientcare@therabreath.com; or
calling 1-800-973-7374 during business hours.
To exercise your deletion rights
described above, please submit a request to us by either:
sending an email to patientcare@therabreath.com; or
calling 1-800-973-7374 during business hours; or
clicking here.
You will be asked to provide certain
identifying information, such as your name, email, and residency. You will also
be asked to validate your request by clicking a validation link in an email
that will be sent to the email address you provided. While processing your
request, we may ask you to provide further verifying documentation, such as proof
of residency and identity. We will only use personal information provided in a
request to verify the requestor's identity or authority to make the request.
Your request must: (i) provide sufficient
information that allows us to reasonably verify you are the person about whom
we collected personal information or that you have authority to make the
request; and (ii) describe your request with sufficient detail that allows us
to properly understand, evaluate, and respond to it.
Only you or a person registered with the
California Secretary of State that you authorize to act on your behalf, may
make a verifiable consumer request related to your personal information. You
may also make a verifiable consumer request on behalf of your minor child. If
you are making a request through an authorized agent acting on your behalf,
such authorized agent must provide proof of written authorization to do so, and
you must verify your identity directly with us, unless such authorized agent
provides proof of a power of attorney pursuant to Probate Code sections 4000 to
4465.
We cannot respond to your request or
provide you with personal information if we cannot verify your identity or
authority to make the request and confirm the personal information relates to
you. We will only use personal information provided in a verifiable consumer
request to verify the requestor's identity or authority to make the request.
Opting-out of the Sales
of your Personal Information
Subject to certain exclusions under the
CCPA, you have the right to opt-out of the sale and sharing of your personal
information. Once we receive your request, we will not sell or share your
personal information, unless an exclusion applies.
To opt-out of the sale of your personal
information that we collect through cookies and other technologies, please read
our Cookie Policy.
To opt-out of the sale or sharing of your
personal information that we collected directly from you or other
third-parties, please submit a request to us by either:
sending an email to patientcare@therabreath.com; or
clicking here.
We may deny your request to opt-out if we
have a good-faith, reasonable, and documented belief that the request is
fraudulent.
Non-Discrimination
We will not discriminate against you for
exercising any of your rights under the CCPA. Accordingly, and unless permitted
by the CCPA, we will not:
deny you goods or services;
charge you different prices or rates for goods or services,
including through the use of discounts or by imposing penalties;
provide you a different level or quality of goods or services;
or
suggest that you may receive a different price or rate for goods
or services or a different level or quality of goods or services.
Other Applicable
California Privacy Laws
Section 1798.83 of the California Civil
Code requires select businesses to disclose policies relating to the sharing of
certain categories of your personal information with third parties. If you
reside in California and you have provided us with your personal information,
you may request information about our disclosures of certain categories of your
personal information to third parties for direct marketing purposes. To make
such a request, please fill out our Privacy
Contact Form with “California Privacy Rights” in the subject line and
allow 30 days for a response. We will not accept requests via the telephone,
mail, or by facsimile, and we are not responsible for notices that are not
labeled or sent properly, or that do not have complete information.
In accordance with Section 22581 of the
California Business and Professions Code if you are a California resident under
the age of 18, you may request and obtain the removal of content or information
you have publicly posted. To make such a request, please fill out our Privacy Contact Form with “California
Privacy Rights” in the subject line. Please specify the site(s) or service(s)
to which your removal request relates, including any URLs where the content or
information is posted, and the specific content or information you posted for
which you are requesting removal. Please be aware that such a request does not
ensure complete or comprehensive removal of the content or information you have
posted and that there may be circumstances in which the law does not require or
allow removal even if requested.
Move to Top
Your consent
By using our web site, you consent to the collection and use of this
information by Dr. Harold Katz, LLC/ TheraBreath. If we decide to change our
privacy policy, we will post those changes on this page so that you are always aware
of what information we collect, how we use it, and under what circumstances we
disclose it.
Move to Top
This privacy policy was last modified on February 5, 2020.
Get Free Ground Shipping on your order!
Receive FREE UPS, USPS, or Canada Post Ground Shipping on all orders over $49 anywhere within the USA and Canada.
Your Free UPS, USPS, or Canada Post Ground Shipping will be automatically activated when you add $49 or more to your shopping cart.
Search TheraBreath.com
COVID-19 Update
We continue to ship orders on time. Inventory is limited as we try to keep stores and customers supplied. Our products with Zinc (Dry Mouth Lozenges and TheraBreath PLUS Oral Rinse) have been hardest hit, but our manufacturing team is working hard to increase output to meet the need. We are monitoring TheraBreath pricing at retail and online and taking action to limit price gouging. All of us hope you and your families are well and staying safe.
Click here for more information regarding COVID-19Link opens up the CDC website in a new window