https://www.announcingit.com/privacy-policy
Expand [+] Assistance
Ordering FAQ
How long does it take?
Where's the Order Form?
Can I speed up the process?
Can I do the printing?
What's My Account?
How do I View My Proof?
Additional Proofs
Changing an Existing Order
Decreasing the Quantity
Increasing the Quantity
Reorder a Processed Order
Payment
Rush Service
Cancellation
HomePrivacy PolicyPrivacy Policy
At AnnouncingIt.com, we're committed to protecting your personal information. We will NEVER sell or give away any email addresses or personal information. We don't like spam or junk emails either!
Our website uses SSL (Secure Sockets Layer) technology—widely considered to be the most secure—for safe transactions. Any personal information you provide us will never be sold, leased, exchanged, or transferred to outside parties for any reason other than for the specific purposes of delivering the product or service you have requested, unless we have your permission or are required by law to do so.
What We Collect:
We collect the following information from you when you register on our site or fill out a form, for example, to send us email. (Of course, you can visit our site anonymously if you'd like.)
Name
Contact information, including email address
Other information relevant to customer forms or other offers you've elected to take advantage of
How We Use Information:
To understand your needs and provide you with better service
To improve our website offerings and customer service, based on feedback we receive from you
To process your requests and transactions
Email Policy:
If you sign up for our e-mail newsletter, you can unsubscribe at any time.
If you do not sign up for our e-mail newsletter or if you have unsubscribed from it, the only time we will contact you is to reply to a question or comment you sent to us, or to send you your login information when you request it.
Third-Party Links:
Our website includes links to third-party websites of interest. These third-party sites maintain separate and independent privacy policies. Therefore, we cannot be responsible or held liable for the protection and privacy of any information you may provide at other sites. We recommend that you review the privacy policies of each site you visit.