http://www.naturesgift.com/privacy-policy
connect with us
click here for our
Health Care Workers
Discount
click here for our
Blog
Balancing Body, Mind, and Spirit with Pure Essential Oils
Include articles and blogs
Aromatherapy Products
Aromatherapy Products
Essential Oils
Hydrosols, Hydrolats, and Floral Waters
Aromatherapy Blends and Products
Samplers and Kits
Carrier Oils, Diluents, and Additives
Aromatherapy Accessories
Books
Gift Suggestions
Aromatherapy Information
Aromatherapy Information
What is Aromatherapy?
How to Use Essential Oils
Dilution and Measurement Chart
Essential Oil Safety
Hints and Tips
Newsletters
Classes and Resources
FAQ–Aromatherapy
Customer Service
Customer Service
Ordering, Shipping, and Returns
About Bulk Orders and Packaging
Samples
Healthcare Discount
Sharing Forward
About Us
Praise From Our Customers
Press Coverage
FAQ–Customer Service
Contact Us
Log In
Privacy Policy
Log In
Privacy Policy
If you have any questions about this privacy statement, the practices of this site, or your dealings with this web site, you can contact us via email info@naturesgift.com
Privacy Policy Statement
This is the web site of Nature's Gift, Inc. Our postal address is:
316 Old Hickory Blvd, EastMadison, TN 37115
We can be reached via email at info@naturesgift.com or you can reach us by telephone at (615) 612-4270.
For each visitor to our web page, our web server automatically recognizes only the consumer's domain name, but not the e-mail address.
We collect only the domain name, but not the e-mail address of visitors to our web page.
The information we collect is used for internal review and is then discarded.
With respect to cookies: We use cookies to record session information, such as items that consumers add to their shopping cart, and general statistical information regarding traffic volume on a monthly basis.
Our shopping cart uses email addresses to record your order history and address information for your convenience.
Persons who supply us with their telephone numbers on-line will only receive telephone contact from us with information regarding orders they have placed on-line if there is a problem or question about the order.
We never share information with any other business, company, or organization. We value your trust in us and will not abuse it.
With respect to Ad Servers: We do not partner with or have special relationships with any ad server companies.
With respect to security: When we transfer and receive certain types of sensitive information such as financial or contact information, we redirect visitors to a secure server. We have appropriate security measures in place in our physical facilities to protect against the loss, misuse or alteration of information that we have collected from you at our site. We do NOT routinely store customers' credit card information. If requested by the customer to retain credit card information for future use, we store it offline.
Nature’s Gift Disclaimer: The statements made on this website have not been evaluated by the FDA (U.S. Food & Drug Administration). Our products are not intended to diagnose, cure or prevent any disease. If a condition persists, please contact your physician or health care provider. The information provided by this website or this company is not a substitute for a face-to-face consultation with a health care provider, and should not be construed as individual medical advice. The testimonials on this website are from individuals and do not guarantee or imply the same results.
Everything you read on this website is copyrighted. If you would like to borrow our descriptions, please link back to the page from which they were borrowed.
© 1995–2020 M.G. Clark. All rights reserved. Read our Privacy Policy here.