http://www.sea-of-green.com/privacy-policy.html
My Account
Orders
Shopping List
Track my order(s)
Track my order(s)
Sign in | Register
Email
PasswordForgot password?
Remember me
Cart is empty
Cart is empty
View cart
Checkout
480.967.2045
Shop
Lighting
LED
Fluorescent Lighting
LEC/CMH Lighting
Complete Systems
Electronic Ballasts
Lamps
Single Ended Reflectors
Commercial Lighting Fixtures
Double Ended Reflectors
Light Movers Hangers
Magnetic Ballasts
Lighting & Electrical Components
Extension, Power & Lamp Cords
Environment
AC / Dehumidification / Humidification
Air Purification
Environmental Controllers
Fans, Ventilation & Ducting
Timers and Instruments
Grow Systems
Grow System/ Trays/ Reservoirs
Tents / Indoor Greenhouses
Grow Media
Growing Media
Pots and Containers
Nutrition & Health
Cloning & Seed Starting
Leaf Shines and Washes
Nutrients and Supplements
Pest and Disease Control
Tools & Accessories
Books
Food & Water Storage
Garden Hygiene and Safety
Growing Accessories
Hand Tools
Harvest Solutions
Liquid & Weight Measuring
Plant Support
Reflective & Greenhouse Films
Sprayers and Wands
Water & Aeration
PH/EC/TDS Meters and Solutions
Water Aeration
Water Heaters & Chillers
Water Pumps & Irrigation Supplies
Water Treatment
Reverse Osmosis
Commercial
Locations
Grow Info
Home Privacy Policy
Privacy Policy
We understand the importance of your privacy and do not loan, rent, sell, or otherwise share any of your personal information from the website or otherwise.
What information does Sea of Green collect?
We only collect the information necessary to bill and ship your order. We will only contact you through the email address and/or phone number you provide if there is a problem with your order. You will not be spammed, used for marketing research, sold to third party companies, or the likes.  We respect your privacy and that is the bottom line.
What kind of security does our site use?
The Sea of Green website is protected by 128 bit SSL encryption technology, the strongest available. We have taken extensive measures to ensure the safety and privacy of your information at all times.   All credit cardpayments are processed by authorize.net or paypal.com.  These companies are third party merchant services, that are trusted as neutral transaction handlers keeping buyers and sellers safe from fraudulent transactions.  To learn more about thier privacy policy click here for authoriz.net and here for paypal.com
What about the security of our links to other sites?
Sea of Green has no control over the security or information collection of sites that are linked to our site. If you have questions about the security or data collection of our linked sites, please contact those sites directly.  We do however screen the sites we list on our website as ones we trust, if your information is abused by a third party site please contact us, and we will remove that link.
How can I correct or update my information? This site gives you the option for changing and modifying information previously provided. To make changes to your information, go to the "My Account" section fo the site, or send an email to seaofgreentempe@gmail.com
My Account
Sign In
Create Account
Shop
Search
Featured Products
Commercial Accounts
About Us
Locations
Shipping & Returns Policy
Privacy Policy
Terms & Conditions
Contact Us
Stay Informed
Credit Card Processing
© 1992-2020 Sea of Green Hydrogardens.