http://www.tartantrader.co.uk/privacy-policy-statement/info_4.html
Currency:
British Pounds
Euro
US Dollars
Language:
Freephone: 0800 050 2222
Email: sales@tartantrader.co.uk
Login | Register
Items in cart
Total: £0.00
Homepage
About Us
Contact Us
Blog
Engraved Gifts
Testimonials
Advanced Search
Engraved Gifts
Special Occasions GiftsBusiness/Credit Card CasesTravel and Desk ClockDesk & Office AccessoriesHandbag MirrorsKnives and ToolsKeyringsPersonal GiftsPocket WatchesNovelties and GiftsPhoto FramesSmoking Gifts and AccessoriesPet Identity TagsTrophies and PlaquesWine, Spirit & Hip FlasksExecutive GiftsGifts for HerGift Logo Engraving** SPECIAL OFFERS **
FREE Standard UK Delivery
Engraving orders placed now will be shipped within 24 hours!
SafeBuy Approved
Privacy Policy Statement
Privacy Statement
Our Commitment To Privacy
This Privacy Policy describes how and when we collect, use, and share
information when you purchase an item from Tartan Trader Limited,
contact us, or otherwise use our  services through this website and
related services.
This Privacy Policy does not apply to the practices of third parties
that we do not own or control, including Royal Mail, DPD or other
couriers we may use from time to time.
To fulfil your order, you must provide us with certain information such
as your name, email address, postal address, payment information, and
the details of the product that you’re ordering. You may also choose to
provide us  with additional personal information (for a personalised
order of Key rings, for example),  via the product order or by direct
contact.
We rely on a number of legal bases to collect, use, and share your information, including:
When we use your information to fulfil your order, to settle disputes, or to provide customer support.
When you have provided your affirmative consent, which you may revoke
at any time, such as by signing up for our mailing list and newsletter.
If necessary to comply with a legal obligation or court order or in
connection with a legal claim, such as retaining information about your
purchases if required by tax law.
As necessary for the purpose of our  legitimate interests, if those
legitimate interests are not overridden by your rights or interests,
such as  providing and improving our services. We use your information
to provide the services you requested and in our  legitimate interest to
improve our services.
Information about our customers is important to our business. We share
your personal information for very limited reasons and in limited
circumstances, as follows:
Service providers.  We engage certain trusted third parties to perform
functions and provide services to our business, such as delivery
companies and third party suppliers. We will share your personal
information with these third parties, but only to the extent necessary
to perform their services.
Business transfers. If we sell or merge the business, we may disclose
your information as part of that transaction, only to the extent
permitted by law.
We may collect, use, retain, and share your information if we have a
good faith belief that it is reasonably necessary to: (a) respond to
legal process or to government requests; (b) enforce our agreements,
terms and policies; (c) prevent, investigate, and address fraud and
other illegal activity, security, or technical issues; or (d) protect
the rights, property, and safety of our customers, or others.
We may use technology to track the patterns of behaviour of visitors to
our site. This can include using a "cookie" which would be stored on
your browser. You can usually modify your browser to prevent this
happening. The information collected in this way can be used to identify
you unless you modify your browser settings.
We retain your personal information only for as long as necessary to
provide you with our services and as described in our Privacy Policy.
However, we may also be required to retain this information to comply
with our  legal and regulatory obligations, to resolve disputes, and to
enforce our agreements. We  generally keep your data for the following
time periods: 7 years.
If you reside in certain territories, including the EU, you have a
number of rights in relation to your personal information. While some of
these rights apply generally, certain rights apply only in certain
limited cases. I describe these rights below:
Access. You may have the right to access and receive a copy of the
personal information we hold about you by contacting me using the
contact information below.
Change, restrict, delete. You may also have rights to change, restrict
our use of, or delete your personal information. Absent exceptional
circumstances (like where we are required to store data for legal
reasons) we will generally delete your personal information upon
request.
Object. You can object to (i) our processing of some of your
information based on our legitimate interests and (ii) receiving
marketing messages from us after providing your express consent to
receive them. In such cases, we will delete your personal information
unless we have compelling and legitimate grounds to continue using that
information or if it is needed for legal reasons.
Complain. If you reside in the EU and wish to raise a concern about our
use of your information (and without prejudice to any other rights you
may have), you have the right to do so with your local data protection
authority.
For purposes of EU data protection law, I, Philip Townsend, am the data
controller of your personal information. If you have any questions or
concerns, you may contact me by post  at:  Tartan Trader Limited,
Suite 10, The Hall, Rugby Road, Wolston, Coventry, CV8 3FZ
InformationTerms & ConditionsSecurityOrder ProcessBlog
FAQ CategoriesReturnsSpecial Dates 2014Engraved GiftsEngraved Images
I'd like to get in touch...
Use our easy online form
Freephone: 0800 050 2222
Tartan Trader Personalised Gifts
Suite 10 The Hall
Rugby Road, Wolston,
Coventry. CV8 3FZ
Registered Office, Edinburgh, Scotland
VAT Number: 114 7336 32
Company No: SC354387
Sign up for our free newsletter
for the latest news, updates and offers
© Tartan Trader |
Contact Us
|
Terms & Conditions
|
Privacy Policy Statement | Blog | Site Map
Web Design and SEO by Cozy
Digital