https://www.novica.com/customerservice/#privacy-policy
HOW CAN WE HELP?
We want you to be happy - pure and simple. If you can't find	the answer to your question below - please give us a call! The	best time to reach us isMon - Sun 8am - 5pm (Central Time).
1-877-266-8422 (Toll free)
service@novica.com
Calling from outside the US or Canada?Please call 001-210-890-4217
Top Questions
Ordering And Payment
Shipping
Holiday Shipping
Returns
Sizing / Apparel Info
Contact
Privacy Policy
How do I place an order?
Ordering from NOVICA is easy! Once you find an item you
would like to purchase, simply click the "Add to Cart" button
in that product's description page. You can check the contents
of your shopping cart at any time by clicking the "Cart" button
at the top of the page. If you decide to remove an item from
your cart, just click "Delete" to the right of the product you
would like to remove. You can also adjust the quantity of any
product in your shopping cart. To do this, type in the new
quantity and click on the "Update Quantity" button at the
bottom of the shopping cart page. Assuming the quantity you
have requested is available, you will now see the adjusted
quantities as well as your new subtotal (if you enter a
quantity that is greater than the quantity available, your
purchase quantity will reflect the maximum quantity available).
Where is my order?
If you placed an order more than 10 days ago and would like to
find out the status, please send an email to orders@novica.com and
include your name, order number, and email address. A member of
our customer service team will reply with information about
your order, such as if it has been shipped, when it was
shipped, or when we expect it to be shipped.
What forms of payment to you accept?
NOVICA accepts payment by credit card (Visa, MasterCard,
American Express or Discover), either online through our secure
server or by phone. We also accept payment by PayPal ;
orders placed using these payment methods must be
placed online through our secure server. If you are paying via
credit card and would prefer to place your order over the
phone, please contact a member of our customer service team
toll-free at 1-877-2-NOVICA (1-877-266-8422) or 001-210-890-4217 (Outside the US or Canada).
Please note that credit cards will be charged only after an
order has shipped from our fulfillment center, although an
authorization will be obtained at the time the order is placed.
How long will my order take to arrive?
On average, orders arrive to the destination address in
2-3 weeks. The delivery time will depend primarily on two
factors: item availability and shipping service.
Item Availability:
Unless otherwise noted, all items available for purchase
on the website are in stock. Items that are backordered contain
a note indicating this fact as well as the expected delivery
time frame.
Shipping Service:
During checkout, we will show you a list of available
shipping services and their corresponding prices and
timeframes. You may also view shipping charges and timeframes
through the "Calculate Shipping" link in the shopping cart.
Note some items carry a special delivery timeframe that may
differ from that of other items from the same region -- these
items are clearly labeled with the special timeframe on the
product detail page (as well as in checkout).
If we determine that we will not be able to deliver an
order within the promised timeframe, we will immediately
contact you via email.
How do I return an item?
Refunds will be available for up to 60 days from the day
you receive your order. You must request a Returned Merchandise
Authorization (RMA) number during this 60-day period to qualify
for a refund.
To request an RMA number, please log in to your
myNOVICA
account, visit the Orders &Returns section, and locate
the order that contains the item(s) you would like to return.
If your return is in any way a result of an error by NOVICA, we
will provide you with a prepaid return label and will happily
refund all applicable shipping costs paid on the product(s) you
are returning.
If the return is not the result of an error by NOVICA,
you will be responsible for all shipping and gift box costs
incurred for the order and any costs associated with returning
the item(s). Please send your return using a reliable carrier
that offers tracking (such as UPS, FedEx, or Priority Mail). It
is strongly recommended that you insure the package, as you
will be responsible for ensuring that all items arrive at the
returns center in their original condition.
IMPORTANT NOTE: Refunds will not be issued if the
returned products have been damaged or altered in any way
before arriving at the Returns Center.
No refunds will be available after the 60-day returns
period has expired.
For more information on how to return items, please visit
the Returns section of this page
How do I place an order?
Ordering from NOVICA is easy! Once you find an item you
would like to purchase, simply click the "Add to Cart" button
in that product's description page. You can check the contents
of your shopping cart at any time by clicking the "Cart" button
at the top of the page. If you decide to remove an item from
your cart, just click "Delete" to the right of the product you
would like to remove. You can also adjust the quantity of any
product in your shopping cart. To do this, type in the new
quantity and click on the "Update Quantity" button at the
bottom of the shopping cart page. Assuming the quantity you
have requested is available, you will now see the adjusted
quantities as well as your new subtotal (if you enter a
quantity that is greater than the quantity available, your
purchase quantity will reflect the maximum quantity available).
Where is my order?
If you placed an order more than 10 days ago and would like to
find out the status, please send an email to
orders@novica.com and
include your name, order number, and email address. A member of
our customer service team will reply with information about
your order, such as if it has been shipped, when it was
shipped, or when we expect it to be shipped.
Can I cancel or modify my order?
Your order request is promptly sent to our international
fulfillment center(s) in the region(s) from which you have
ordered. Therefore, it is generally not possible to cancel or
modify an order once it has been submitted. However, if your
order has not yet been shipped and you need to cancel or modify
it, please contact us at
service@novica.com and
we will determine if it will be possible to halt the
fulfillment of the order. Please note that no order may be
canceled or modified once it has been shipped. In those cases,
you may follow the return instructions if you decide not to
keep the product after having received it.
Pricing Errors and Cancellation of Orders
NOVICA reserves the right to cancel an order any time
before it has been shipped and the credit card charged if one
or more of the following conditions applies:
Product pricing error: Because NOVICA offers a large
array of items, a product may on occasion be listed with the
incorrect price. If a product is purchased at a price that is
lower than the correct price, we will, at our discretion,
contact you for instructions prior to shipping the order or
notify you of the outright cancellation of the order. In the
event that the correct price should be lower than the price
paid, we will adjust your charge and give you the lower price.
Misuse or abuse of a gift certificate or promotion
code, including any action prohibited by or in violation of
the terms and conditions of that particular code. If you are
unsure of the terms and conditions of a certain code, please
contact us at service@novica.com
prior to placing an order.
Billing information provided for the credit card does
not match the information on file with the card issuing bank.
Credit card declined by the financial institution.
PLEASE NOTE: The issuance of an order number or the
receipt of a confirmation email does not serve as a guarantee
that an order will be fulfilled. No order is final until a
representative of NOVICA has confirmed that none of the
aforementioned conditions apply to that order
Do the prices on your items change?
Price fluctuation occurs primarily because NOVICA
products are available direct from our global offices and
therefore foreign currency fluctuation impacts their price in
dollars. These changes are typically very small -- however, in
the case of large currency movements, the price swings can be
noticeable. Another factor in price fluctuation is that artists
have control over their pricing and can change their prices
based on the supply and demand of their products.
What forms of payment to you accept?
NOVICA accepts payment by credit card (Visa, MasterCard,
American Express or Discover), either online through our secure
server or by phone. We also accept payment by PayPal;
orders placed using these payment methods must be
placed online through our secure server. If you are paying via
credit card and would prefer to place your order over the
phone, please contact a member of our customer service team
toll-free at 1-877-2-NOVICA (1-877-266-8422) or 001-210-890-4217 (Outside the US or Canada).
Please note that credit cards will be charged only after an
order has shipped from our fulfillment center, although an
authorization will be obtained at the time the order is placed.
Is my credit card secure?
NOVICA employs the latest data encryption and security
technologies to ensure that all customer payment information
remains private. Below is a link to the DigiCert
security report for NOVICA:
Security Report
If for any reason you feel uneasy about placing your
order online, please call us to place your order by phone.
When will my card be charged?
If you pay by credit card, an authorization will be
obtained when you place your order, and the card will be
charged once your order has been shipped from our fulfillment
center. If you ordered from multiple regions, your card will be
charged separately for each region as each part of your order
is shipped.
Do you charge sales tax?
Sales tax will be collected on all orders being shipped to California, Missouri and Texas. If you will be required to pay sales tax on one or more items, you will be alerted during Checkout before you submit the order.
How long will my order take to arrive?
On average, orders arrive to the destination address in
2-3 weeks. The delivery time will depend primarily on two
factors: item availability and shipping service.
Item Availability:
Unless otherwise noted, all items available for purchase
on the website are in stock. Items that are backordered contain
a note indicating this fact as well as the expected delivery
time frame.
Shipping Service:
During checkout, we will show you a list of available
shipping services and their corresponding prices and
timeframes. You may also view shipping charges and timeframes
through the "Calculate Shipping" link in the shopping cart.
Note some items carry a special delivery timeframe that may
differ from that of other items from the same region -- these
items are clearly labeled with the special timeframe on the
product detail page (as well as in checkout).
If we determine that we will not be able to deliver an
order within the promised timeframe, we will immediately
contact you via email.
What shipping options do you offer?
Most items at NOVICA will ship direct to you from one of our international fulfillment centers. Shipping times do vary between different NOVICA regions, so be sure to carefully review the shipping options available for your country when selecting your shipping service. Where multiple shipping options are available, we will indicate the corresponding price and delivery timeframe for each service.
Orders containing more than one item from a single NOVICA region will be shipped once all items from that region are ready for shipment, unless otherwise specified at the time you place your order.
Do you ship to PO Box Addresses?
Yes, in many cases we are able to ship to a PO Box. Most orders with Normal shipping can ship to a PO Box, whereas orders with Expedited or Express service typically require a physical address, as those orders will be delivered by UPS, DHL, FedEx or a similar courier. We will alert you during the checkout process if one or more of the items in your order will require a physical address, based on your selection of shipping service.
What about APO/FPO/DPO addresses?
Yes, in many cases we are able to ship to APO/FPO/DPO addresses. Most orders with Normal Shipping can ship to such an address. We will alert you during the checkout process if one or more of the items in your order is not eligible for delivery to the APO/FPO/DPO address provided. Please note that expedited delivery services are not available for APO/FPO/DPO addresses, and that actual delivery time may exceed the timeframe quoted for some overseas destinations.
I shipped my order to the wrong address. Can you
reship my package?
A fee will be applied to all orders where:
The incorrect address has been provided by the
customer and the package is returned as undeliverable
An invalid address has been provided by the customer,
resulting in a surcharge from the carrier. Such an error may
include, but is not limited to, invalid or incomplete address
information; incorrect zip code; incorrect state or country
information; typographical errors; or transposed digits
A move or sudden change of address results in the
refusal or non-delivery of an order
An APO or FPO address has been provided as the
shipping address
The fee will consist of a $5.00 handling charge plus any
applicable costs related to re-routing, forwarding, or
redelivering the parcel(s). Please note that there is no charge
for address changes that are made before an order is shipped.
Can I ship my order outside of the USA?
NOVICA is proud to offer shipment of most items to over 100 countries around the world. For a complete list of countries we currently serve, please view our International Shipping Table.
Please check with the Customs bureau in the destination country if you are unsure about any commodity-specific import regulations or restrictions that might affect your shipment. A few of the country-specific import restrictions known to affect items sold at NOVICA include, but are not limited to: (a) all jewelry items being shipped to India or France (for France, only the Standard service can be used for jewelry items); (b) all items being shipped to Australia or New Zealand that contain natural fibers (including bamboo, coconut, straw, and cane), potpourri, or animal parts (including hide, bone, and horn). NOVICA cannot be held responsible for any items quarantined, destroyed or otherwise not delivered as a result of an import restriction in any country other than the USA. For information on possible duty/tax on orders shipped to a country other than the US, please click here.
Please note: certain large or oversized items, including some furniture, are only available for shipment to the 48 contiguous U.S. states.
Will I be charged if I refuse my order?
Please note a $25 fee (per package) will be assessed for
all refused shipments. In addition, the customer will be
responsible for any return shipping charges assessed by the
courier. For international (non-USA) deliveries, the customer
will be responsible for any duty/VAT/import charges on refused
or unclaimed shipments, in addition to return shipping costs.
Shipping costs are not refundable on refused or unclaimed
shipments.
Please note a $15 fee (per package) will be assessed for
all shipments that are re-routed or returned to NOVICA by the
carrier. This fee is separate from the re-shipping fee, which
is required before packages can be re-shipped.
Will I have to pay taxes and duties on my order?
NOVICA will cover all duties and import taxes for customers in the United States.
Orders being shipped to addresses outside of the United States may require the recipient to pay duties upon delivery, depending on the shipping service that has been selected. During the checkout process, customers will be shown the available shipping services for their country for the specific item(s) being ordered. Each service option will clearly indicate if duty and tax will be due at the time of delivery, or if it will be pre-collected by NOVICA at the time of purchase -- in which case no further payment will be due for duty or tax once the order has been submitted. For gifts and for orders being sent to a country other than your country of residence, we strongly recommend that you select a shipping service with all duty and tax paid in advance to prevent any delays in delivery or inconvenience to the recipient.
Customers outside the United States who select a shipping service with duty and tax due at the time of delivery are encouraged to contact their local courier or customs bureau to inquire about possible import taxes and fees. NOVICA cannot be held responsible for import charges imposed by the courier and/or the local government on orders delivered to countries other than the United States. Please note that while we will declare orders containing a gift message as "Gifts" on the Customs declaration, we cannot honor any requests to alter the declared value for an order.
When should I order to guarantee delivery on or before Holiday?
This varies according to the region from which you are purchasing, and the shipping service you select.
How do I tell which items are guaranteed to arrive on or before Holiday?
We mark every item that is guaranteed for delivery on or before Holiday with a bow. Items marked with a red bow are guaranteed with Normal Shipping option whereas items marked with a blue bow are guaranteed with premium shipping only. If an item on the web site is not marked with a bow, it is not guaranteed for delivery on or before Holiday.
Will I receive items marked "coming back" on or before Holiday?
Although most backorders are fulfilled within 2 to 8 weeks, and we make every effort to get your order out to you as soon as possible, there are occasionally circumstances beyond our control that may result in a longer delivery time frame. You can always contact NOVICA Customer Service to inquire about the current status of your order.
Will my order be delayed if it includes a back-ordered item?
As we cannot guarantee a pre-Holiday delivery for back-ordered items, we advise that you do not include them in the same order as items you want guaranteed for delivery on or before Holiday.
Will my order be delayed if it includes items without the red bow?
If your order contains items that are no longer showing a red or blue bow... then these items (provided they are not back-ordered items) will not delay the timely delivery of items that ARE marked with a red or blue bow at the time you place the order. In this case, your order will arrive in separate packages on separate days.
What happens if an item marked with a red or blue bow arrives after Holiday?
In the unlikely event that we should fail to deliver a guaranteed order on or on or before Holiday, we will refund the shipping costs associated with that portion of the order and provide you with a NOVICA gift certificate with a minimum value of $10.00 and a maximum value of 25% of the order total or $50.00, whichever is less. Please allow 5 to 10 business days for issuance of the credit and gift certificate. All requests related to compensation for delivery guarantee failure must be made within 2 weeks after the guaranteed delivery date either by writing to us at service@novica.com or by phone at 1-877-2-NOVICA (1-877-266-8422).
My order was placed well before Holiday - will it arrive before then?
Depending on the shipping service you selected, and the day on which you placed your order, it is very possible that your items will arrive well before Holiday if you have ordered in advance of the shipping cut-off date for your items.
Will the item I ordered be gift-wrapped?
Many gift items come with free gift wrapping. We indicate on the item detail page (the page where the add to cart button shows) if an item comes with free gift wrapping. You can also select your gift wrap option in checkout.
What's the difference between free gift wrap and premium gift wrap?
Our free gift wrap option is perfectly fine for that casual gift. But if you really want to 'wow' the recipient with an exquisite, memorable gift presentation, we advise you to select the premium gift wrap option.
I placed an order with Normal Shipping - Can I expedite it?
If you have not yet received an email notification that your order has been shipped, it may still be possible to change the shipping service on your order. Please call NOVICA Customer Service at 877-266-8422 (310-255-6586 if calling internationally) any time Mon-Fri between 9 a.m. and 6 p.m. Pacific time to speak to a representative.
What is your Holiday return policy?
NOVICA welcomes the return of any item for any reason within 60 days of receipt. You may submit a Return Merchandise Authorization request (RMA) on our website, or call NOVICA Customer Service at 877-266-8422 (310-255-6586 if calling internationally) any time Mon-Fri between 9 a.m. and 6 p.m. Pacific time.
100% Satisfaction Returns Policy
At NOVICA, we want you to be completely satisfied with
each and every purchase. We believe that the creation of a
bridge between consumers and world artists depends on high
quality products and extraordinary customer service.
How do I return an item delivered within the
U.S?
Refunds will be available for up to 60 days from the day you
receive your order. You must request a Returned Merchandise
Authorization (RMA) number during this 60-day period to qualify
for a refund. To request an RMA number, please log in to your
myNOVICA
account, visit the Orders &Returns section, and locate
the order that contains the item(s) you would like to return.
If your return is in any way a result of an error by NOVICA, we
will provide you with a prepaid return label and will happily
refund all applicable shipping costs paid on the product(s) you
are returning.
If the return is not the result of an error by NOVICA,
you will be responsible for all shipping and gift box costs
incurred for the order and any costs associated with returning
the item(s). Please send your return using a reliable carrier
that offers tracking (such as UPS, FedEx, or Priority Mail). It
is strongly recommended that you insure the package, as you
will be responsible for ensuring that all items arrive at the
returns center in their original condition.
IMPORTANT NOTE: Refunds will not be issued if the
returned products have been damaged or altered in any way
before arriving at the Returns Center.
No refunds will be available after the 60-day returns
period has expired.
How do I return an item that was shipped outside
the US?
Refunds will be available for up to 60 days from the day you
receive your order. You must request a Returned Merchandise
Authorization (RMA) number during this 60-day period to qualify
for a refund. To request an RMA number, please log in to your myNOVICA
account, visit the Orders &Returns section, and locate the
order that contains the item(s) you would like to return. If
your return is in any way a result of an error by NOVICA,
please be sure to indicate the nature of the error when
requesting the RMA number and a member of our customer service
team will provide you with further instructions.
If the return is not a result of an error by NOVICA, you
will be responsible for all shipping costs, duties and taxes
incurred for the order and return of the product(s). You must
send your return using a reliable international carrier that
offers tracking (such as EMS, UPS, FedEx, TNT, or DHL). It is
strongly recommended that you insure the package, as you will
be responsible for ensuring that all items arrive at the
Returns Center in their original condition.
IMPORTANT NOTE: Refunds will not be issued if the
returned products have been damaged or altered in any way
before arriving at the Returns Center.
No refunds will be available after the 60-day returns
period has expired.
Can I return a gift?
If you have received a gift from NOVICA and would like to
return it, you may do so by requesting an RMA number via email
at service@novica.com
or by phone during the 60-day period following the original
delivery date of the order. As soon as the return is received,
we will issue you a Store Credit for the amount of the original
order, less shipping charges, so that you may make a new
selection from any of the offerings on the website. Please rest
assured that we will not alert the person who sent you the gift
to your return request.
Can I reuse a promotion code?
If the return did not result from an error by NOVICA, you
will be unable to re-use the original promotion code. If you
have used a promotion code on an order and later decide to
return all parts of that order as a result of an error on
NOVICA's part, we will gladly issue you a new promotion code
for a future purchase on the site.
When will I get my refund?
Credit for returned products will be issued within 7
business days of receipt of the returned merchandise using the
same form of payment originally used for the order (except
where other arrangements have been made, as in the case of gift
orders). At this time we are unable to accommodate exchanges.
Important Notes and Restrictions:
Refunds will not be available if the returned products
have been damaged or altered in any way before arriving at the
Returns Center.
NOVICA is not responsible for loss or any costs
incurred (including freight, duties and taxes, or import fees)
for items returned without an RMA number or to any address
other than a NOVICA Returns Center.
No refunds or returns on custom orders.
No refunds or returns on gift certificates.
As a safeguard against potential abuse, NOVICA
reserves the right to deny a refund to anyone who has made
what we determine to be excessive returns.
Please note that gift box charges are not refundable.
Step-by-Step Return Instructions
Request a Returned Merchandise
Authorization (RMA) number. For fastest service, please log
in to your myNOVICA account, visit the Orders &
Returns section, and locate the order that contains the
item(s) you would like to return. If you prefer, you may also
submit your RMA request via email.
RMA Number and detailed return
instructions are provided by NOVICA. If the return is the
result of an error by NOVICA and the merchandise is being
returned from an address in the continental United States, we
will provide you with a prepaid return label. If the return is
the result of an error by NOVICA but the merchandise is being
returned from an address outside the continental United
States, we will provide you with special instructions. In all
other cases, the address for the nearest Returns Center will
be provided.
Returning the item(s) to NOVICA. Be
certain to include your RMA number inside each package being
returned. If you are responsible for return shipping costs,
please use a trackable shipping service (UPS, FedEx, or
Priority Mail within the US; EMS, UPS, FedEx, TNT, or DHL from
outside the US) to ensure that all items are received at the
Returns Center in good order.
Requesting RMA Via Email
If you do not have a myNOVICA account or simply prefer to use
email, you may also submit an RMA request by emailing our
customer service team at
service@novica.com.
Please be sure to include your order number (which appears on
your packing list), the name or Product ID of the product(s)
that you would like to return, your name and email address, and
the reason for the return (please provide as much detail as
possible). You will receive a response from our customer
service team with your RMA Number and any special return
instructions, typically within one business day. For faster
service, please consider submitting your RMA request through
the Orders & Returns section of your
myNOVICA
account.
I haven't received my order. Is it lost?
Be sure to indicate the complete and correct shipping address
when you are placing your order. NOVICA is not responsible for
items that have not been received due to an incorrect address
or change of address. If you have not received your order and
would like to check the status, please contact our Customer
Service Department at
service@novica.com (be
sure to note your order number and email address, and verify
the correct mailing address). A member of our customer service
team will check our records to determine when your order was
processed and shipped. Please note that any claims related to
non-receipt of merchandise must be made within 15 days of the
shipment date or within 7 days of the delivery date reported by
the carrier (where applicable), whichever came first.
What happens if my item arrives damaged or
incomplete?
At NOVICA, your satisfaction is our priority. If you have
received a damaged or incorrect item, or if part of your order
is missing, please notify us immediately. The best way to
report any problem with your order is to log in to your myNOVICA
account, visit the Orders &Returns section, and locate the
order that contains the item(s) in question. If you prefer, you
may also email our customer service team at service@novica.com to
report a problem. In your message, please include your name,
order number, and email address, and provide as much detail as
possible about the situation.
We will be happy to replace any damaged/incorrect items,
assuming a comparable replacement is available, or provide you
with a full refund, including all shipping costs.
Any products that might be missing from your order will
be shipped as soon as possible at no additional charge to you.
Do keep in mind that if you ordered from multiple regions, you
will be receiving multiple packages. Please double check that
the product or products that you believe to be missing from
your order were not ordered from a different region than those
products that you have already received.
Finding Your Size
Take your measurements with the tape measure over your
under garments. If your measurements fall between sizes you may
prefer the next larger size. Inseam, skirt and dress lengths vary
by style and will be listed in the item description. Our sweaters
are knit in standard American sizes, however actual measurements
vary by style.
WOMEN
S
M
L
XL
XXL
4
6
8
10
12
14
16
18
20
22
BUST
35
36
37
38
39
41
42
44
45
47
WAIST
27
28
29
30
31
33
34
35
36
37
HIPS
37
38
39
40
41
43
44
46
47
48
MEN
S
M
L
XL
XXL
CHEST
36 - 38
39 - 41
42 - 44
46 - 48
50 - 52
WAIST
29 - 31
32 - 34
35 - 37
38 - 40
41 - 43
NECK
14 - 14.5
15 - 15.5
16 - 16.5
17 - 17.5
18 - 18.5
SLEEVE
32.5
33.5
34.5
35.5
36.5
Bust / Chest
Measure around the fullest part of chest under the arms and
over the shoulder blades keeping the tape measure level.
Waist
Measure around the smallest part of the waist keeping the
tape measure comfortably loose. Most garments use the low waist
measurement noted below.
low waist
Measure around the body approximately 1.5" below the
natural waist (above). This is the area where most pants and
skirts actually fit.
Hips
Standing with your heels together, measure around the
fullest part of the body approx 7"-8" below the waist.
Neck
Measure around the base of the neck keeping the tape
measure comfortably loose.
Sleeve
Bend elbow slightly and starting at the center back of the
neck, measure across the shoulder, to the elbow and down to the
wrist.
Inseam
Our standard inseam length for women is 32" and 34" for
men; however inseam measurements will vary slightly by style.
CONTACT US BY PHONE
For General Inquires
Place an order, customer service,
or product questions:
Toll-free in US/Canada:
1-877-2-NOVICA
(1-877-266-8422)
For International Inquires
Place an order, customer service,
or product questions:
(Outside the US/Canada)
001-210-890-4217
For Marketing & PR
For all press and marketing inquiries,please call:
1-310-255-6580
For Wholesale
For all wholesale account inquiries,please call:
1-877-552-4545
CONTACT US BY EMAIL
For General Inquires
For help with an order, general
customer service Inquiries
or product questions:
service@novica.com
For Wholesale Inquires
Interior designers, corporate clients and
store owners, please use the following
email for help with your order
wholesale@novica.com
For General PR and Press
To coordinate product placements, obtain
artisan quotes, story details or to
obtain media materials please contact:
pr@novica.com
For New Artists or Artisans
If you are an artist, artisan or represent
and artisan group we'd love to hear from you!
Email us with full details and pictures of your
products.
newproducts@novica.com
For Marketing Inquiries
Inquiries related to obtaining NOVICA
advertising online or offline
marketing@novica.com
For Careers / Internships
Do you think we could use your special talents
to help
promote the work of artisans?
For
employment or internship opportunities:
hr@novica.com
For Technical Inquiries
For Inquiries related to the functionality
of the NOVICA.com website please contact
webmaster@novica.com
Privacy Policy
This privacy statement discloses the privacy practices for
www.novica.com.
Because we want to demonstrate our commitment to your
privacy, we will notify you of:
What personally identifiable information of yours or
third party personally identification is collected from you
through the web site
The organization collecting the information
How the information is used
With whom the information may be shared
What choices are available to you regarding collection,
use and distribution of the information
The kind of security procedures that are in place to
protect the loss, misuse or alteration of information under
NOVICA's control
How you can correct any inaccuracies in the information
If you have questions or concerns regarding this statement, you
should contact our customer service department by email at service@novica.com. NOVICA
wholeheartedly respects your privacy. The sole owner of all
personal information collected at this site is NOVICA, and
NOVICA will NEVER rent or sell your personal information to any
third party. When you visit www.novica.com, we collect some
basic information in order to enhance your experience navigating
the website. The information collected and stored by NOVICA
includes products purchased, feedback from visitors, location
data, logs and other communication data, information about your
computer and internet connection, including your IP address,
operating system and browser type. This information is then
aggregated with other pieces of information to improve our site
and make your experience on the site as valuable and efficient
as possible. Pages of the site may use devices that permit us to
count users who have visited those pages and for other related
website statistics.
If you purchase an item online from NOVICA, interact with
www.novica.com by submitting feedback, opt to receive the NOVICA
Journal by email or write a product review, you provide us with
personally identifiable information including your first and
last name, billing and shipping addresses, telephone number, and
email address. While your credit card information is also
collected at the time of purchase, only the last four digits are
stored on NOVICA's server. Credit card information is sent
directly to DigiCert's secure server, and that is where it is
safely held. Because NOVICA collects personal information
through a secure server that features the latest encryption
technology, you can be assured that none of your information
will be viewed by anyone outside of NOVICA and DigiCert (please
see the Credit
Card Security section for more information). Furthermore, all
shipping labels are pre-printed at NOVICA's regional offices, so
none of your personal information is held or stored by any of
the shipping companies that are used to deliver NOVICA's orders.
The personally identifiable information you provide to NOVICA
will be used to process your order. You will only be contacted
by NOVICA if you place an order or if there is a problem with
your order. By placing an order you will automatically receive
the NOVICA Journal by email, but you can always change your
email preferences if you wish to be removed from our list by
simply emailing us at remove@novica.com.
You may also update or change the personal information NOVICA
has collected by sending an email to service@novica.com. This
page will be immediately updated should there be any changes to
NOVICA's Privacy Guarantee.
Third party advertising companies may use non-personally
identifiable information (e.g., click stream information,
browser type, time and date, subject of advertisements clicked
or scrolled over) during your visits to this and other Web sites
in order to provide advertisements about goods and services
likely to be of greater interest to you. These companies
typically use a cookie or third party web beacon to collect this
information. These third party cookies do not collect personally
identifiable information. Cookies are bits of information that
allow a website server to associate you with the specific
products that you have added to your shopping cart. Web Beacons
are electronic files used to track your navigation a website or
collection of sites the completion of transactions, submittal of
applications and browsing behavior.
While you are shopping, NOVICA collects non-personal information
about our website traffic and usage patterns from technology
such as Cookies and Web Beacons. We use cookies to keep track of
the items that you have placed in your shopping cart, and to
provide enhanced online display advertising tailored to your
interests. To opt out of this advertising provided directly by
NOVICA, click
here. If your cookies are turned off, you will not be able
to shop online with NOVICA as the system will fail to associate
you with any items that you have added to your cart. However,
you may still place your order by telephone. We recommend that
you turn your cookies on while shopping at NOVICA, as this will
allow for a much more enjoyable and worry-free shopping
experience.
Click here for information
on making sure that your cookies are turned on.
We use third-party advertising companies to serve ads when
you visit www.novica.com. These companies may use information
about your visits to this and other Web sites in order to
provide advertisements about goods and services of interest to
you. If you would like more information about this practice and
to know your choices about not having this information used by
these companies, visit http://www.networkadvertising.org/.
We may share your personally identifiable information and
non-personal information, including your name, address, email
address and any transactions you conduct on our website or
offline with us with a trusted third party advertising partner
and its service providers in order to deliver tailored
advertising to you that match your interests when you visit our
website. Our trusted advertising partners will anonymize the
data that we transfer via secure encryption ensuring that no one
else will receive your personally identifiable information and
that the anonymous data cannot be reverse engineered to reveal
any consumer's identity.
You may opt-out of the use of your information for tailored
advertising purposes. To learn more about the use of this
information or to choose not to have this information used by
our third-party advertising partner by opting out please visit
the Network Advertising Initiative by clicking here. If you
delete your Cookies, use a different browser, or buy a new
computer, you will need to renew your opt-out choice.
NOVICA does not knowingly collect any personal information
from children.
Privacy policy last updated on June 8, 2012.
How to configure your browser to accept cookies
You can set your browser preferences to accept all cookies or
to alert you each time a cookie is offered. We recommend setting
your browser to accept all cookies. You can set this preference in
your browser using one of the following procedures:
Communicator 4.x
Navigator 3.x
Microsoft Internet Explorer 4
Microsoft Internet Explorer 5
In Communicator 4.x:
On the menubar, click the Edit menu and select
"Preferences...".
When the Preferences screen opens, click on the "Advanced"
category and select the "Accept All Cookies" option in the box
labeled Cookies.
Click the OK button to close the Preferences screen and
return to the browser.
In Navigator 3.x:
On the menubar, click Options and select "Network
Preferences".
When the Network Preferences screen opens, click on the
Protocols tab.
In the box titled "Show an Alert Before", unclick the
checkbox for "Accepting a Cookie"
Click the OK button to close the Network Preferences screen
and return to browser.
In Microsoft Internet Explorer 4:
On the menubar, click the View menu and select "Internet
Options..."
When the Internet Options screen opens, select the
"Advanced" tab.
Scroll down to the yellow exclamation icon next to
"Cookies" and select the "Always accept cookies" option.
Click the OK button to close the Internet Options screen
and return to the browser.
In Microsoft Internet Explorer 5:
On the menubar, click the Tools menu and select "Internet
Options..."
When the Internet Options screen opens, select the
"Security" tab.
Click on the "Custom Level" button
Scroll down to "Cookies" and select "Enable" for both
stored and per-session cookies.
Click the OK button twice to close the Internet Options
screen and return to the browser.
BACK TO TOP
Your NOVICA Packages are Safe and Secure!
NOVICA's response to COVID 19
Every NOVICA item comes with our universal guarantee
Certified clean packing environment
Quality tested and verified by our region teams
Fair trade and 100% happiness guaranteed