http://www.cutterbuck.com/privacy-policy/
Home
Privacy Policy
Privacy Policy
At Cutter & Buck, we take your privacy seriously.
By visiting the Cutter & Buck Direct website, cutterbuck.com, or other Cutter & Buck websites, you agree to accept the conditions described in this Privacy Notice. Please read on for a description of our Privacy Policy.
Changes in Privacy Policy
This policy is effective July 25, 2014 and was last revised on July 25, 2014. We reserve the right to change, modify or update this policy at any time without notice. Any substantial changes in the way we use your personal information will be posted on this site. To remain apprised of the current policy, users should check this page regularly for changes. Your use of our site following any such change means that you agree to the modified rules.
If you have questions or concerns about this Privacy Policy, or wish to change the information we retain about you, please email us at privacy@cutterbuck.com.
What Personal Information Does Cutter & Buck Gather About Customers?
Here are the types of information we gather:
Information You Give Us
We receive and store any information you enter on our web site or provide in any other way. This information includes your name, address, city, state, zip code, phone number, and email address. We use the information that you provide for purposes such as responding to your requests, customizing future shopping for you, improving our services, and communicating with you. We also use customer information to provide you with periodic mailings regarding new products and services, discounts, special promotions or upcoming events. If you do not want to receive such mailings or telephone calls from us, please click here for contact information.
Automatic Information
We receive and store certain types of information whenever you interact with us. For example, like many web sites, we use "cookies," and we obtain certain types of information when your web browser accesses cutterbuck.com. Cookies are alphanumeric identifiers that are transferred to your computer's hard drive through your web browser to enable systems to recognize your browser and to provide customized features and marketing. If you choose, the help portion of the toolbar will generally tell you how to prevent your browser from accepting new cookies, how to have the browser notify you when you receive a new cookie, or how to disable cookies altogether. However, you should note that disabling cookies may impact the functionality of the website. We also track the performance metrics of our outbound email campaigns and traffic within cutterbuck.com, and record recent purchasing data from our customers.
Does Cutter & Buck Share the Information It Receives?
Information about our customers is an important part of our business, and we share customer information only as described below:
Businesses With Which We Offer Joint or Co-branded Products
We work closely with certain trusted partners to jointly sell specific product lines. If a third party is involved in your transaction, we share customer information related to that transaction with that third party.
Agents
We employ other companies and individuals to perform functions on our behalf. Examples include fulfilling orders, delivering packages, sending postal mail and email, removing repetitive information from customer lists, analyzing data, providing marketing assistance, processing credit card payments, and providing customer service. They have access to personal information needed to perform their functions, but may not use it for other purposes.
Promotional Offers and/or Informational Correspondence
Sometimes we send offers or information to selected groups of Cutter & Buck Direct customers on behalf of other businesses. When we do this, we do not give that business your name and address.
Business Transfers
In the event that Cutter & Buck Direct or substantially all of its assets are acquired, customer information may be one of the transferred assets.
Other Parties
We may release your name, email address, mailing address, and recent purchasing data to a select group of companies whose products you may find of interest. The exchange of this information may occur directly, or through the use of a broker. During this exchange we take precautions to ensure the accuracy and security of your personal data, and we only deal with companies that we believe share our commitment to data security. You will always have the option to discontinue future contact by these third party vendors. If you do not want us to share this information with these companies, we can add your name to our "do-not-share" list. Please click here for contact information.
Protection of Cutter & Buck and Others:
We release account and other personal information when we believe release is appropriate to comply with the law or protect the rights, property, or safety of Cutter & Buck Direct, our affiliates, our users, or others. This includes exchanging information with other companies and organizations for fraud protection and credit risk reduction.
We work to protect the security of your information during transmission by using Secure Sockets Layer (SSL) software, which encrypts information you input.
We do not reveal your credit card number when confirming an order, but we transmit your credit card number to the appropriate credit card processor when we process your order.
What Information Can I Access?
If you wish to view or update your information, you can access your online account. If you have not registered an account with our website, please email us with your request at help@cutterbuck.com.
What Choices Do I Have?
If you do not want to receive email or physical mail from us, please email help@cutterbuck.com. We will honor your request within three (3) business days. Please include your name, email address, and mailing address, if applicable.
If you do not want us to share your information with third party vendors, we can add your name to our "do-not-share" list. Please click here for contact information.
Conditions of Use, Notices, and Revisions
If you choose to visit cutterbuck.com, you agree that the laws of the state of Washington, without regard to principles of conflict of laws, will govern this policy and any dispute of any sort that might arise between you and Cutter & Buck Direct, irrespective of the fact that any one of the parties is now or may become a resident of a different state. Any dispute relating in any way to your visit to cutterbuck.com or to products you purchase through cutterbuck.com shall be submitted to confidential arbitration in Seattle, Washington, except that, to the extent you have in any manner violated or threatened to violate Cutter & Buck Direct's intellectual property rights, Cutter & Buck Direct may seek injunctive or other appropriate relief in any state or federal court in the state of Washington, and you consent to and hereby waive any objection to exclusive jurisdiction and venue in such courts. Arbitration under this agreement shall be conducted under the rules the American Arbitration Association. The arbitrator's award shall be binding and may be entered as a judgment in any court of competent jurisdiction. To the fullest extent permitted by applicable law, no arbitration under this Agreement shall be joined to an arbitration involving any other party subject to this Agreement, whether through class arbitration proceedings or otherwise.
California Privacy Rights
California Law permits our customers who are California residents to request certain information regarding our disclosure of personal information to third parties for their direct marketing purposes. To make such a request, please send an email to privacy@cutterbuck.com or write to us at Cutter & Buck Direct LLC, Attn: Privacy, 4001 Oakesdale Ave. SW, Renton, WA. 98057.
Our business changes constantly, and our Privacy Notice will change also. Our current Privacy Notice applies to all information that we have about you and your account. Please direct all communications about privacy to: privacy@cutterbuck.com.
×