https://www.uptontea.com/privacy-policy/a/privacy_policy/
Skip to Main Content Skip to Footer Content
Teas
Back
Explore
Teas
New Arrivals Best Sellers Featured Teas Specials & Sales
Tea Types
Back Explore Tea Types
Black Tea
Green Tea
Oolong Tea
White Tea
Pu-Erh Tea
Tea Blends
Flavored Tea
Herbal Tea
Rooibos Tea
Yellow Tea
Region
Back Explore Region
African Tea
Ceylon Tea
Chinese Tea
Colombian Tea
Formosa Tea
Indian Tea
Indonesian Tea
Japanese Tea
Korean Tea
Nepal Tea
New Zealand Tea
Vietnamese Tea
Explore Further
Back Explore Explore Further
The Great Tea Race Collection
Assam Tea
Breakfast Tea Blends
Chai Tea
Chinese Scented Tea and Jasmine Tea
Darjeeling Tea
Decaffeinated Tea
Earl Grey Tea
First Flush Darjeeling Tea
Iced Tea
Matcha Tea
Season's Pick Teas
Second Flush Darjeeling Tea
Tea Samplers
Teaware
Back
Explore
Teaware
New Arrivals Best Sellers Featured Teas
Teaware Types
Back Explore Teaware Types
Electric Tea Kettles
Tea Cups & Mugs
Teapots
Tea Scales
Tea Thermometers
Tea Gift Sets
Accessories
Back Explore Accessories
Iced Tea Accessories
Tea Tins and Bags
Tea Infusers and Filters
Tea Cosies
Tea Spoons and Scoops
Tea Ceremony Supplies
Tea Gifts
Back Explore Tea Gifts
Tea Tins and Bags
Tea Ceremony Supplies
Electric Tea Kettles
Teapots
Books
Honey, Jam and Marmalade
Gift Certificates
Tea Gift Sets
Tea Samplers
Organic Tea
Tea Blends
Best Sellers
New Arrivals
Black Tea
Green Tea
Oolong Tea
Rooibos Tea
White Tea
Herbal Tea
Pu-Erh Tea
Tea Gifts
Decaffeinated Tea
Matcha Tea
Home Privacy Policy
Upton Tea Imports Privacy Policy Last updated: March 10, 2020
This Privacy Policy applies to personal information we collect by Upton Tea (“We”, “Us”, “Our”) on our website, www.uptontea.com, in stores, and from business partners and other sources. This privacy policy describes how Upton Tea collects,
uses, and discloses
personal information. It also describes the choices available to you regarding our use of your personal information and how you can access and update this information.
If you are a resident of California, please see the Rights of California Residents section below. Any terms defined in the California Consumer Privacy Act (the “CCPA”)
(Cal. Civ. Code Section 1798.140) have the same meaning when used in the Rights Under the California Consumer Privacy Act (the “CCPA”) section below. Upton Tea complies with the U.S. - Swiss Safe Harbor framework as set forth by the U.S. Department of Commerce regarding the collection, use, and retention of personal data from Switzerland. Upton Tea has certified that it adheres to the Safe Harbor Privacy Principles of notice, choice, onward transfer, security, data integrity, access and enforcement. To learn more about the Safe Harbor program, and to view Upton Tea's certification, please visit here.
Upton Tea participates in and has certified its compliance with the EU-U.S. Privacy Shield Framework. Upton Tea is committed to subjecting all personal data received from European Union (EU) member countries, in reliance on the Privacy Shield Framework, to the Framework’s applicable Principles. To learn more about the Privacy Shield Framework, visit the U.S. Department of Commerce’s Privacy Shield List.
Upton Tea is responsible for the processing of personal data it receives, under the Privacy Shield Framework, and subsequently transfers to a third party acting as an agent on its behalf. Upton Tea complies with the Privacy Shield Principles for all onward transfers of personal data from the EU, including the onward transfer liability provisions. With respect to personal data received or transferred pursuant to the Privacy Shield Framework, Upton Tea is subject to the regulatory enforcement powers of the U.S. Federal Trade Commission. In certain situations, Upton Tea may be required to disclose personal data in response to lawful requests by public authorities, including to meet national security or law enforcement requirements.
If you have an unresolved privacy or data use concern that we have not addressed satisfactorily, please contact our U.S.-based third party dispute resolution provider (free of charge) at https://feedback-form.truste.com/watchdog/request. Under certain conditions, more fully described on the Privacy Shield website, you may invoke binding arbitration when other dispute resolution procedures have been exhausted.
We collect the following personal information from you:
Contact Information such as name, email address, mailing address, phone number Billing Information such as credit card number, and billing address Unique Identifiers such as user name, account number, password We also collect the following information from you: Information about your business such as company name, company size, business type Demographic information such as zip code
We use this information to:
Fulfill your order Send you an order confirmation Send you requested product or service information Respond to customer service requests Administer your account Send you a catalog Send you a newsletter Send you marketing communications Administer contests and sweepstakes you entered, and notify you if you won Respond to your questions and concerns
If you choose to send a product to a different recipient, we will also collect that person’s name, shipping address, phone number and email address. We store this information for the sole purpose of completing your order and will not use this collected third party information for any other purpose. Your friend may contact us at cservice@uptontea.com to request that we remove this information from our database.
Information Sharing
We will share your personal information with third parties only in the ways that are described in this privacy policy. We may provide your personal information to companies that provide services to help us with our business activities such as shipping your order or offering customer service or providing marketing services. These companies are authorized to use your personal information only as necessary to provide these services to us.
How does Upton Tea safeguard my personal information?
Upton Tea has implemented a variety of security measures to maintain the safety of your personal information. Upton Tea has implemented internal policies and controls to restrict access to your information to employees who have special secured access rights. When you place orders or access your personal information, your session will take place on a server utilizing security access controls. All sensitive/credit information supplied by you is transmitted via Secure Socket Layer (SSL) technology and securely stored in Upton Tea's database. No method of transmission over the Internet, or method of electronic storage, is 100% secure, however. Therefore, we cannot guarantee its absolute security. If you have any questions about security on our Web site, you can contact us at cservice@uptontea.com.
Security
Our website is secured by Norton Secure. Click the seal below to find out more info.
Does Upton Tea provide a way to update or remove personal information?
Upon request Upton Tea will provide you with information about whether we hold, or process on behalf of a third party, any of your personal information. Upton Tea provides a "My Account" feature on our website which allows you to modify, delete and/or remove most of your personal information. This page can be accessed by clicking the my account link at the top and bottom of every page on the site or by emailing our Customer Supporcservice@uptontea.coma.com or by contacting us by telephone or postal mail at the contact information listed below. We will respond to your request to access within 10 days.
How does Upton Tea use my e-mail address?
Your e-mail address is used to create and identify your account on Upton Tea. Your e-mail address is also used by Upton Tea to correspond with you about any orders that you may place or to notify you with the results of any contests you may have entered. With your permission, we may also use your e-mail address to notify you about important functionality changes to the Web site, new tea products and special offers or promo code coupons that we think you'll find valuable. If you would rather not receive this information, or would like to opt-out of receiving e-mail of this kind, simply click on the "Unsubscribe" link that appears at the bottom of any email and follow the simple instructions to have your email address removed from the list of customers who receive notices of new functionality, services, special offers, newsletters and promotions. You may also unsubscribe from this kind of email by visiting our unsubscribe page and entering your email address.
Tracking Technologies
We, Upton Tea and our partners use technologies such as cookies or similar technologies to analyze trends, administer the website, track users’ movements around the website, and to gather demographic information about our user base as a whole. Users can control the use of cookies at the individual browser level. To manage Flash cookies, please click here: https://www.macromedia.com/support/documentation/en/flashplayer/help/settings_manager07.html
Log Files
As is true of most websites, we gather certain information automatically. This information may include Internet protocol (IP) addresses, browser type, internet service provider (ISP), referring/exit pages, operating system, date/time stamp, and/or clickstream data.
Behavioral Targeting/Re-Targeting
We partner with a third party ad network to either display advertising on our Web site or to manage our advertising on other sites. Our ad network partner uses cookies and Web beacons to collect non-personally identifiable information about your activities on this and other Web sites to provide you targeted advertising based upon your interests. If you wish to not have this information used for the purpose of serving you targeted ads, you may opt-out by clicking Here(or if located in the European Union, click here). Please note this does not opt you out of being served advertising. You will continue to receive generic ads.
Widgets
Our Web site includes Widgets, which are interactive mini-programs that run on our site to provide specific services from another company (e.g. displaying the news, opinions, music, etc). Personal information, such as your email address, may be collected through the Widget. Cookies may also be set by the Widget to enable it to function properly. For instance, our site may allow social media platforms, such as Facebook®, Twitter®, and Pinterest® to host plug-ins or Widgets on our Web site. These social media platforms’ data collection and handling practices are defined by those platforms, and not by this Web site. Information collected by these Widgets is governed by the privacy policy of the company that created it, and not by Upton Tea.
Links to 3rd Party Sites
Our site includes links to other Web sites whose privacy practices may differ from those of Upton Tea. For example, we allow social media platforms, such as Facebook®, Twitter®, and Pinterest® to host “share,” “like,” or similar buttons that collect data on our Web site. These social media platforms’ data collection and handling practices are defined by those platforms, and not by this Web site. If you submit personal information to any of those sites, your information is governed by their privacy policies, and not by Upton Tea’s Privacy Policy. We encourage you to carefully read the privacy policy of any Web site you visit.
Blogs
Our Web site offers publicly accessible blogs or community forums. You should be aware that any information you provide in these areas may be read, collected, and used by others who access them.
How can you remove your name from our direct mail or email list?
To have your email address removed from our list of addresses that receive information about new products, service, sales and promotions, simply click on the "Unsubscribe" link that appears at the bottom of any email and follow the simple instructions. Alternately, if you have created an account with Upton Tea, you can also remove your email address from our list of addresses that receive information about new products, service, sales and promotions by unchecking "Email Me" while placing your next order. You may also unsubscribe from our email list by visiting our unsubscribe page and entering your email address.
PLEASE NOTE: It can take up to 8 days to process this request so you may get another email from us. Thank you in advance for your understanding.
How to Unsubscribe from Upton Tea's Direct Mail (Physical Mail) Program:re
Send your name and mailing address to cservice@uptontea.com You may also request to be removed by calling 800-234-8327.
Data Retention
We will retain your information for as long as your account is active or as needed to provide you services. If you wish to cancel your account or request that we no longer use your information to provide you services contact us at cservice@uptontea.com. We will retain and use your information as necessary to comply with our legal obligations, resolve disputes, and enforce our agreements.
Legal
We reserve the right to disclose your personal information as required by law and when we believe that disclosure is necessary to protect our rights and/or comply with a judicial proceeding, court order, or legal process served on our Web site. If Upton Tea is involved in a merger, acquisition, or sale of all or a portion of its assets, you will be notified via email and/or a prominent notice on our Web site of any change in ownership or uses of your personal information, as well as any choices you may have regarding your personal information.
Your Consent
You acknowledge that this privacy policy is part of the website's Terms of Use and you agree that using this site or shopping at one of our stores signifies your assent to Upton Tea's privacy policy. Upton Tea reserves the right to change the Terms of Use, including this privacy policy, at any time, without advanced notice. We reserve the right to modify this privacy policy at any time, so please review it frequently. If we make material changes to this policy, we will notify you here, by email, or by means of a notice on our home page prior to the change becoming effective.
Rights of California Residents
Compliance With California Online Privacy Protection Act.
Neither Upton Tea, nor our Web site, respond to Web browser “do not track” signals or other mechanisms that provide users with the ability to exercise choice regarding the collection of personally identifiable information about a user’s online activities over time and/or across third-party websites or online services. To the best of our knowledge, no third parties are collecting personally identifiable information about your online activities over time and across different websites when you use this Web site.
Compliance With California “Shine the Light” Law.
Once your opt-out request is processed, we will not disclose your personal information to third parties for those third parties’ direct marketing purposes. To opt-out, please contact csservice@uptontea.com
Rights Under the California Consumer Privacy Act (the “CCPA”)
California law requires businesses to disclose information regarding the rights of California residents pursuant to the CCPA.
Any terms defined in the CCPA (Cal. Civ. Code Section 1798.140) have the same meaning when used in this section.
You may request that we disclose to you the following information covering the preceding 12 months:
The categories of personal information we have collected about you; The categories of sources from which the personal information was collected; The business or commercial purpose for collecting or selling personal information; The categories of third parties with which we share personal information; The categories of personal information about you that we have sold and the categories of third parties to which the personal information was sold; The categories of personal information about you that we have disclosed for a business purpose and the categories of third parties to which the personal information was disclosed; The specific pieces of personal information we have collected about you.
You may request the disclosure of the information listed above by calling 800-234-8327 or submitting a request to csservices@uptontea.com. Such a request may be referred to as a right to know request. Pursuant to California law, we will verify your identity before complying with any such request. You have the right to request that we delete any personal information about you that we have collected from you, and that we direct any service provider to delete such personal information from its records. Such a request may be referred to as a request to delete. However, pursuant to the CCPA, your information may not be deleted under certain circumstances, including where maintenance of your personal information is necessary to: complete the transaction for which the personal information was collected, fulfill the terms of a written warranty or product recall conducted in accordance with federal law, to provide a good or service that you requested or that is reasonably anticipated within the context of your ongoing business relationship with us, or to otherwise perform a contract between us and you; to detect security incidents, protect against or prosecute fraudulent or illegal activity; to enable solely internal uses that are reasonably aligned with your expectations based on your relationship with us; to comply with a legal obligation; or to otherwise use your information internally in a lawful manner that is compatible with the context in which you provided the information.
For more information about these and other situations in which we may not delete your information, please see Cal. Civ. Code Section 1798.105(d).
You may request the deletion of your information by calling 800-234-8327 or submitting a request to csservices@uptontea.com. Before deleting your personal information, we will verify your identity, as required by the CCPA. You may use an authorized agent to submit a right to know request or a request to delete. To use an authorized agent, you must provide the agent with written authorization. In addition, you may be required to verify your own identity with us. We may deny a request from an agent that does not submit proof that they have been authorized by you act on your behalf. Such requirements, however, will not apply where you have provided the agent with power of attorney pursuant to Cal. Prob. Code Sections 4000 to 4465. You have the right, at any time, to direct
us not to sell your personal information.
This right may be referred to as the right to opt-out.
You may opt-out of the sale of your personal information by calling 800-234-8327 . If we have a good faith, reasonable, and documented belief that a request to opt-out is fraudulent, we may deny the request. You may use an authorized agent to submit a request to opt-out on your behalf. To do so, you must provide the agent with written authorization. We may deny a request from an agent that does not submit proof that they have been authorized by you to act on your behalf. In addition, we do not and will not sell the personal information of minors we have actual knowledge are under the age of 16 without affirmative authorization (known as “opt-in”). In the preceding 12 months, we have collected the following categories of personal information about California residents from the following sources and for the following purposes. The CCPA requires that we refer to specific categories of personal information enumerated in the CCPA. We may collect only certain pieces of personal information described in a given category and may not collect certain pieces of personal information described in each category.
In the preceding 12 months, we have sold the following categories of personal information about California residents to the following categories of third parties..
In the preceding 12 months, we have disclosed for a business purpose the following categories of personal information about California residents to the following categories of third parties (to the extent the disclosure was made to a third party).
We will not discriminate against you because you exercised any of your rights under this section, including, but not limited to, by:
Denying goods or services to you; Charging different prices or rates for goods or services, including through the use of discounts or other benefits or imposing penalties; Providing a different level or quality of goods or services to you; Suggesting that you will receive a different price or rate for goods or services or a different level or quality of goods or services.
However, we may charge you a different price or rate, or provide a different level or quality of goods or services, if that difference is reasonably related to the value provided to us by your data.
In addition, we may offer financial incentives, including payments to you as compensation, for the collection of personal information, the sale of personal information, or the deletion of personal information. We may also offer a different price, rate, level, or quality of goods or services to you if that price or difference is directly related to the value provided to us by your data.
We will notify you of such financial incentives. We will enter you into a financial incentive program only if you give us prior opt-in consent which clearly describes the material terms of the financial incentive program, and which may be revoked by you at any time.
We will not use financial incentive practices that are unjust, unreasonable, coercive, or usurious in nature.
For Customer Support Call (800) 234-8327 or Email cservice@uptontea.com
About Us
Customer Testimonials Ethical Tea Partnership Careers Privacy Policy Terms and Conditions Site Information
Customer Service
(800) 234-8327 My Account Valued Customer Program Tea Quarterly
Shipping Information Special Promotions Returns Accessibility Statement Contact Us Website Feedback
Ask Upton
Our Story Upton's Staff Favorites How to Steep Loose Leaf Tea Tea History and Traditions Tea Nomenclature (FTGFOP1, etc.) Tea Processing Chart Tea Flavors and Cupping Notes FAQs