https://www.grantbooks.co.uk/privacy-policy
Privacy Policy | Grant Books Ltd
Home
Company ProfileBook Collection
Currently AvailableArchivesClub HistoriesSt Andrews
My AccountContact Us
Search Author or TitleWithin
- All Categories -
Book Collection
Club Histories
Currently Available
Archives
St Andrews
Privacy Policy
You are here: HomePrivacy Policy
Grant Books is committed to the protection of your privacy. We take your rights seriously and treat all the information you give us with care.
This privacy notice explains how and why we collect, store and use the personal data you give us, to ensure you stay informed and can be confident about providing us with your information.  In choosing to share your personal information with us, you will be agreeing to our collection and use of your information as described in this policy.  If you no longer want us to process your personal details you can ask us to stop at any time by contacting golf@grantbooks.co.uk
We use the information you share with us to:
Make sure you receive the service, product or information you have requested or bought
Keep in touch with you in the way that you want us to e.g. to provide you with clear information about new products or services
Better understand our users so that we can personalise and improve the services we offer
For details of how we do this please see the full policy below. This policy was last updated on 29/05/2018.
Who are we? In this policy, whenever you see the words ‘we’, ‘us’, ‘our’, it refers to Grant Books.  As a data controller we will only use your personal data on relevant lawful grounds as permitted by the EU General Data Protection Regulation (from 25 May 2018)/UK Data Protection Act and Privacy and Electronic Communication Regulations.
Our address is: Grant Books, The Coach House, New Road, Cutnall Green Droitwich, Worcestershire WR9 0PQ. United Kingdom
If you have any questions concerning your personal data please send these to golf@grantbooks.co.uk or by post to the above address.
What do we promise?
To be fair and transparent about why we need to collect your personal information and what we are going to use the data for
To only collect the information we need to ensure we deliver the best service
To never sell your personal information, and only share it with organisations we work with when it is necessary to providing you with the product, service or information you have asked for or bought, and the privacy and security of your data is assured
To make sure that any suppliers or partners who carry out work on our behalf meet the same high standards that we adhere to when handling your personal information
To make it simple for you to ask to see what information we hold about you, request changes to the data, or instruct us to delete it
To make it simple for you to tell us how you would like us to stay in touch
To take good care of your personal information, and make sure it is up to date, safe and secure at all times
What are your rights?  As a data subject, you have the following rights under the GDPR, which this Policy and our use of personal data have been designed to uphold:
The right to be informed about our collection and use of personal data;
The right of access to the personal data we hold about you;
The right to rectification if any personal data we hold about you is inaccurate or incomplete (please contact us on golf@grantbooks.co.uk);
The right to be forgotten - i.e. the right to ask us to delete any personal data we hold about you (we only hold your personal data for a limited time, but if you would like us to delete it sooner, please contact us on golf@grantbooks.co.uk);
The right to restrict (i.e. prevent) the processing of your personal data;
The right to data portability (obtaining a copy of your personal data to re-use with another service or organisation);
The right to object to us using your personal data for particular purposes; and
Rights with respect to automated decision making and profiling.
If you have any cause for complaint about our use of your personal data, please contact us on golf@grantbooks.co.uk  and we will do our best to solve the problem for you. If we are unable to help, you also have the right to lodge a complaint with the UK's supervisory authority, the Information Commissioner's Office.
For further information about your rights, please contact the Information Commissioner's Office or your local Citizens' Advice Bureau.
What personal data do we collect and how? Depending upon your use of our website, and your interactions with us through email or phone calls, we may collect some or all of the following personal and non-personal data:
name
address
contact information such as email addresses and telephone numbers
delivery address, if you place an order with us
demographic information such as post code, preferences, and interests
IP address
web browser type and version
operating system
Please note our website may ask you for payment details, such as billing information or credit or debit card information, however all payments made via our website will go through a third party payment processor such as PayPal and as such, we will have no access to this data. A separate contractual relationship will be created between you and the payment processor on their terms and conditions and we cannot be held liable for any errors, actions, omissions or incorrect charges that may be made by them.
When you provide us with payment details through a direct email, phone call or letter we shall retain these payment details for as long as the transaction requires it and no further than that. Your payment details will then be destroyed and you will need to supply them again for any further transactions.
How do you find out what personal data of yours we have You have the right to a copy of the information we hold about you and supplementary information. This is called a ‘subject access request’ and allows you to be aware of what data we process about you and under what legal basis. You can contact us in writing to our address (see above) or to golf@grantbooks.org.uk.
You will be asked to provide the following details:
The personal information you want to access;
The date range of the information you wish to access
We will also need you to provide proof of identity in the form of a current driver’s license, current passport, or birth certificate. If we hold personal information about you, we will give you a copy of the information in an understandable format together with an explanation of why we hold and use it. If you are unable to submit the request yourself then someone else can place the request on your behalf.  If you are making a request on behalf of someone else, please include proof of identity for yourself and the data subject. We also need a letter from the data subject authorising the request on their behalf.
This request is free of charge, however, we maintain the right to charge a reasonable fee when a request is manifestly unfounded or excessive, particularly if it is repetitive.  This fee is based on the administrative cost of providing the information.   In the case of excessive repetitive requests we have the right to refuse to respond.
Once we have all the information necessary to respond to your request we will provide the information within one month of receipt.  This timeframe may be extended by up to two months if your request is particularly complex, in which case you will be notified within one month of receipt.  If we have to write to you requesting further information the 'clock' stops until all the necessary documentation has been provided.
How do we keep your information secure? We only keep your personal data for as long as we need to in order to use it as described above and/or for as long as we have your permission to keep it. Data security is very important to us, and to protect your data we have taken suitable measures to safeguard and secure data collected through our website or provided directly by you.
Your information will be only be accessible to our staff in the first instance and only to contractors if it is appropriate in order for them to carry out their role in line with this Privacy Policy.  We will always have control of what they see, how long they see it for, and what they are allowed to do with it. We will never sell your personal information, pass it to others or let other organisations use it for their own purposes.
Our website may contain links to other websites that are outside our control and are not covered by this Privacy Policy.  If you access other sites using the links provided, the operators of these sites may collect information from you that will be used by them in accordance with their privacy policy, which may differ from ours.
What happens if our business changes hands? We may, from time to time, expand or reduce our business and this may involve the sale and/or the transfer of control of all or part of our business. Any personal data that you have provided will, where it is relevant to any part of our business that is being transferred, be transferred along with that part and the new owner or newly controlling party will, under the terms of this Privacy Policy, be permitted to use that data only for the same and specific purposes for which it was originally collected by us.
How can you get in touch with us? If you need help or have any questions about this policy and your rights in regarding the processing of your personal information please contact:
Grant Books, The Coach House, New Road, Cutnall Green Droitwich, Worcestershire WR9 0PQ. United Kingdom
You can also email us on golf@grantbooks.co.uk or by calling +44 (0)1299 851 588
Changes to our privacy policy We may change this Privacy Policy from time to time (for example, if the law changes). Any changes will be immediately posted on our Site and you will be deemed to have accepted the terms of the Privacy Policy on your first use of our website following the alterations. We recommend that you check this page regularly to keep up-to-date.
What to do if you’re not happy In the first instance, please talk to us directly so we can resolve any problem or query.
You also have the right to contact the Information Commissions Office (ICO) if you have any questions about Data Protection, or if you would like to make a complaint. You can contact them using their help line 0303 123 113 or at www.ico.org.uk.
For broader advice and guidance please contact the data protection regulator: The Information Commissioner Wycliffe House Water Lane Wilmslow Cheshire SK9 5AF Telephone: 01625-545700 Fax: 01625 524510
Website © 2020 Grant Books Ltd. All rights reserved. Website by Blue Fusion Web
Home |
Company Profile |
Postal Costs |
Privacy Policy |
My Account |
Contact Us |
Your Shopping Basket
To begin drag a product here or click add to Basket