http://www.wonderlandmodels.com/help/
Go to content
Go to navigation
Menu
Search
Basket(0)
The UK's leading online model shop
X Close
LoginRegister
Change Language
£
€
$
Radio Control
Models
Paints
Toys
Railways
Sale
Brands
Blog
Basket
0
items
X Close
RC Cars
RC Trucks
RC Tanks
RC Quadcopters
RC Tractors
RC Planes
RC Boats
RC Helicopters
RC Accessories
RC Spares
Radio Equipment
RC Bikes
RC Tools
Invento RC
Browse All
X Close
Plastic Model Kits
Plastic Model Figures
Sci-Fi Model Kits
Wooden Models
Diecast Models
Live Steam Models
Model Helicopters
Model Planes
Model Cars
Fathers Day
Browse All
X Close
Modelling Tools & Materials
Paints, Glues & Accessories
Browse All
X Close
Arts, Crafts & Games
Bruder
Dolls Houses
I'm A Celebrity
K'nex
Lego
Meccano
Model Figures and Animals
Outdoor Toys
Scalextric Sets
Science Toys
Christmas Gift Ideas
Star Wars Toys
Cobi
Browse All
X Close
Army Painter
BigJigs Toys
Hornby Trains
Javis Scenics
LGB Trains
K+M Trees
Peco
Bachmann
Graham Farish
Oxford Rail
Browse All
X Close
Airfix Sale
Billing Boats Sale
Britains Sale
Burago Sale
Carrera Sale
Corgi Sale
Dragon Sale
Forces of Valor Sale
Hasegawa Sale
HobbyZone Sale
Hornby Sale
Italeri Sale
Lego Sale
Le Toy Van Sale
Maisto Sale
Minichamps Sale
Papo Sale
Radio Control Sale
Revell Sale
Scalextric Sale
Schleich Sale
Siku Sale
Tamiya Sale
Trumpeter Sale
Best Sellers
Gift Vouchers
Browse All
X Close
Paints Blog
Tamiya Blog
Browse All
X Close
Airfix
Hornby Railways
Humbrol
Le Toy Van
Lego
LGB
Maisto
Papo Toys
Revell
Scalextric
Schleich
Siku
Tamiya
Vallejo
Browse All
Help
Click a heading below to jump to Help Categories.
New Customers
Shopping with Us
Order Information
Return and Refund Procedure
Delivery
UK Shipping
International Shipping
Security and Privacy
Sagepay FAQ
WEEE
New Customers
Getting Started
At Wonderland Models we have selected the best from our shop to create a great range of over 10,000 products which you can access 24 hours a day, 7 days a week. We hope that you'll find using our website quick and convenient. And you can trust Wonderland Models to guide you safely through the online shopping experience, because your privacy and security is extremely important to us.
These four features will help make your shopping experience even easier.
Home page link:
The home page link is always in the top centre of your screen, just to the right of our logo. You can get back to our home page by clicking either this link or the wonderland logo.
Categories Menu:
The links in the categories menu at the top left column, directly under our logo are the names of the "departments" of our online shop. Clicking on one of these names will take you to a new page that contains all sections and products included in that area. The Shop by Brand menu further down the left hand column will show you all products we stock in that brand.
Search box:
The search box is always at the top of the page. You can search by product or brand name, key words such as the product type, or the model number. You may also like to use our A - Z product index which is available on our site map.
Your cart:
Your shopping cart summary is always shown in the blue band at the top of every page. It shows you the quantity and subtotal of any product(s) you've put into your cart.
Using Search
Our Search engine works by checking your search term against all the product titles and product codes currently on the website. It then shows products on the page that may match your query.You can search in broad terms such as car, or be more precise such as remote control car. A generic term such as model may return far too many results for you to sift through. However, if you put in die cast model, then you'll get a much more refined result to look at. You'll get most precise results by searching for a product model number, which you may have.
Payment Options
We accept MasterCard, Visa Debit and Credit, Visa Electron, Solo and Maestro. Payment will be withdrawn from your account shortly before dispatch of your order. We use the online bank Sage Pay (formerly Protx) to authorise all transactions. We also offer you additional security through the verified by Visa and MasterCard secure schemes.
Placing your order
Once you've found the items you wish to buy and have added them to your cart, you can begin the checkout process by clicking on the "Basket" links at the top right of your screen.
You can go straight to checkout to pay for your goods and arrange delivery. You will also be asked to register with us so that you can retrieve your details and chosen delivery address/es. (Please note that this does not include your payment card details.) You'll be asked to set up a password to access your account.
If have already registered online with Wonderland Models simply enter your email address and password.
At checkout, you can review and amend your order details on the Order Confirmation page.
When you're ready to complete your order, click the 'proceed to checkout' button and wait for an online receipt. You will be taken to Sage Pay to submit your credit card details in a secure environment. You'll also be sent 2 confirmation emails shortly after placing your order, one from Sage Pay and one from us.
It is our policy to ensure the data we hold about you is correct. When placing an order online, please ensure you give us correct information. Incorrect information may result in your order being delayed or in the case of an incorrect address, may be lost. In this case, we are not responsible for the loss.If an item becomes unavailable or is unexpectedly delayed, we shall keep you informed of expected delivery time, or offer you an alternative.
If you need help placing an order or have any other questions, please email us or telephone on 0131 229 0797, any time between 9.30am and 6pm Monday - Saturday.All prices/discounts are only applicable to online purchases. In store purchases and telephone orders will be charged at the standard RRP.
Shopping With Us
Guarantees
We always honour the manufacturer's guarantee period where offered. These are usually three months unless otherwise stated.
Pricing
Advertised Prices, prices, offers and products are subject to availability and may change. Every effort is made to ensure that the prices we advertise are correct. On rare occasions advertised prices can be incorrect. This is never intentional. The most common cause of this is a supplier changing their prices and is beyond our control. In these circumstances, we will contact you to make sure it is ok to proceed with the order at the new price.All prices/discounts are only applicable to online purchases. In store purchases and telephone orders will be charged at the standard RRP.
Order Information
Change or cancel an order
If you wish to change or cancel an order contact our Customer Service team on 0131 229 0797, any time between 9.30am and 6pm Monday - Saturday. Please have the order number and date the order was placed to hand. As we begin processing your order immediately after receiving it, it may not always be possible to amend or add to the order. Should you wish to order other items you will need to place a separate new order. In order to cancel an order before it has been dispatched it is essential that you call us immediately and confirm in writing either by email or fax. Your order will then be cancelled and any payments made will be refunded to you. Refund payments for cancelled orders will be made to the account originally charged.
Your purchase history
You may check on the status of your current orders by calling or emailing us.
Returns & Refund Procedure
It’s bad enough that your product develops a fault, so we try to make our returns or repair service as painless as possible. As per the EU Distance Selling Directive, you are entitled to return ordered goods within 14 days of receipt if you change your mind. This period is extended to 30 (thirty) days for faulty/damaged goods. This period period begins on the day after you (or any person who you nominate to take delivery), receive the Goods. This is the "cooling off period".
We will always offer you either a repair, exchange or refund. If the fault with your product occurs within its guarantee period (normally 12 months from delivery) we will offer you a prompt repair service. In all cases we reserve the right to inspect the product and verify the fault. We do not cover faults caused by accident, neglect, misuse or normal wear and tear.
The returned goods must be unopened and unused and in the same condition as when dispatched by Wonderland Models. If you wish to return goods under these circumstances you must do the following: -
We require cancellations in writing. When returning goods we recommend that you obtain proof of postage. We shall refund the cost of the goods, minus the postage charge, to the original account charged. Once the returned goods have been received in a satisfactory condition we shall refund the original account charged within 14 days. Customers are liable for the costs involved in returning unwanted goods to us.If the goods you receive are damaged please contact us immediately. You can return the damaged products for a replacement or full refund. Do not use express services to return items to us or we will be unable to refund you the full cost paid. Postage refund will not exceed the amount originally paid. If you are returning items to us and they are lost by the postal service you use, we do not accept any responsibility. It is your responsibility to ensure goods are returned to us in the condition in which they were received.
As per the EU Distance Selling Directive this policy is only applicable to online/mailorder purchases, in store purchases will be refunded for store credit.
The return postage cost will not be refunded where the goods are unwanted or the customer has changed their mind.
Faulty Goods
No items will be replaced or refunded without first receiving the goods back. If goods are returned with fault, they may be sent back to the supplier or inspected in store. We will wait for the supplier's decision regarding the item before replacing or refunding the goods. If the supplier or our staff decides the item has been damaged by the customer, no refund or replacement will be given. In the first instance if you discover a fault please contact us before returning the item as one of our knowledgeable staff members may be able to advise you on how to rectify the problem without the need of returning the item. We would always advise this course of action for the quickest remedy.
Damaged Goods
It is the customers responsibility to carefully check that all merchandise received is undamaged and in good working condition.Damaged merchandise includes items that have been damaged in shipping. If a shipment arrives at your door with apparent shipping damage, please call us on Tel: 0131 229 0797 immediately. Save all packaging material and paperwork and do not throw anything away! On some occasions the couriers may ask to see any damaged packaging.
Postal Service
Do not use express services to return items to us or we will be unable to refund you the full cost paid. Postage refund will not exceed the amount originally paid in your order.If you are returning items to us and they are lost by the postal service you use, we do not accept any responsibility. It is your responsibility to ensure goods are returned to us in the condition in which they were received.
Incorrectly Sent Items
If you order an item in error, only the price of the returned goods will be refunded. Postage will not be refunded. We will not accept back items that are not in as new condition.
It is not impossible that our staff will send you the wrong item by mistake. We apologise if this rare occurrence does happen. If this is the case for you then please contact us to let us know what has happened and return the item as soon as possible. We will not dispatch replacements to you without the incorrectly sent item being returned to us. This is to protect ourselves and our customers from prices increases.
Refund Policy
We will refund in accordance with the returns policy shown above. We will not issue refunds once the packaging has been opened, unless they are faulty.
Delivery charges
Shipping and packaging charges for returning merchandise will not be borne by us, unless prior authorisation has been obtained. We will refund your original delivery charge when a product is faulty or damaged, but not when a product is simply unwanted. Any charges incurred by us may result in being billed back to sender unless other prior arrangements were made.
Delivery
Wonderland Models deliver throughout the UK and Overseas. We endeavour to dispatch orders within 48 hours of receipt. Orders will only be dispatched once payment has been received. Christmas Delivery               Orders are sent by First Class Royal Mail or Fedex Courier or DPD Local Courier (to mainland UK and Europe) and are usually received within 2 - 3 days, however, delivery times can vary depending on stock availability and demand for our services. We always process orders as quickly as is possible. If you haven't received your order within 5 days of receiving confirmation of despatch please contact us by telephone or email. We will trace your order and try and ensure that you receive it as quickly as possible. We endeavour to achieve our delivery targets but we will not be liable for any loss caused to you by late delivery. Express orders must be ordered before 2pm for next day delivery. Express delivery couriers endeavour to deliver as fast as possible on a next working day service Monday to Friday. Our couriers do not deliver on a Saturday.
Express delivery orders placed between 2pm on Thursday and 2pm on Friday will be shipped on a Friday for delivery on the following working day which would be Monday. Similarly orders placed after 2pm on Friday will not be shipped until the next working day which is Monday for Tuesday delivery. If the Monday is a Bank Holiday then it will be shipped on Tuesday for Wednesday delivery. We are currently using the new Predict & Follow My Parcel DPD Local service, please click this link for an in-depth guide.
SHIPPING OF HEAVY, BULKY OR RESTRICTED ITEMS
As outlined above, all orders valued at less than £70 will normally be shipped by Royal Mail First Class Post unless you request shipment by courier. However certain items we sell must be sent by courier either because of their weight or bulk or because Royal Mail will not carry them.
Heavy or Bulky items
Examples of these products are our wooden dolls houses, castles, farms and playmats, large scale plastic model kits, large radio control models, model railway and Scalextric sets and archery sets.
Restricted items
Due to the methods used by Royal Mail to ship their parcels across the UK, they will not carry certain products. Amongst those prohibited or restricted products are the following items:
Lithium Polymer (LiPo) batteries and products containing them. This affects most of the radio control cars, aircraft and helicopters.
Toy Guns caps. These are classified as explosives and have to be sent by courier.
Pressurised containers. This includes all aerosol paints, airbrush propellant and airbrush cleaners and air gun propellant canisters.
Paints, Varnishes and Glues etc. Many of the modelling accessories contain volatile solvents which cannot be shipped by Royal Mail. We can still post water-based acrylic paints by Royal Mail at the moment.
For more information about Royal Mail's prohibited and restricted products go to this section of their website: http://www.royalmail.com/business/help-and-support/tell-me-about-prohibited-goodsWe can ship most of the restricted items listed here by courier within the EU but cannot send them anywhere else in the world by Royal Mail or Courier.
Charges & Options
UK Standard Shipping
Order value up to £70 p&p £4.50 (delivery within 2-5 days)Order value over £70 p&p £7.99 (delivery next working day) By Courier. Please be sure to give us your mobile phone number when ordering as DPD Local offer an email/text message option to enable you to receive notification of despatch and estimated delivery time.
Heavy items will incur a surcharge which is added at the checkout. The Highlands and non-mainland UK destinations attract a £6 surcharge for next day delivery. All Northern Ireland and Isle of Man postcodes also attract this surcharge. Delivery to these destinations will be 2 days. We do not ship to BFPO or PO Box addresses but are hoping to be able to offer this service in the future.These postcodes also require a £6 surcharge:HS1-9KA27KW15-17PA20PA41-49PA60-78PH42-44PO30-41ZE1-3BT (Northern Ireland) all £6 surchargeIM Isle of Man all £12 surchargeGuernsey and Jersey £12 surcharge
International, minimum rate £14 plus any surcharges
There is a minimum shipping charge of £14 for all overseas orders depending on your destination. You will therefore be charged whichever is the higher amount of £14 and the actual cost of shipping. For accurate overseas delivery costs please see the table below. This is the cost for any one parcel up to 31.5 Kg in weight and no more than 1.75 metres in length.International deliveries are divided into Zones and different zones have different costs and delivery times (times stated are average times). The costs stated below are per parcel.Zone 1 2 Days £14.00Belgium, France, Germany, Luxembourg, Netherlands, Republic of IrelandZone 2 3 Days £17.00Austria, Denmark, LiechtensteinZone 3 3/4 Days £21.00Czech Republic, Italy, Slovakia, SpainZone 4 4/5 Days £28.00Croatia, Estonia, Finland, Hungary, Poland, Portugal, Slovenia,  SwedenZone 5 4/6 Days £33.00Bulgaria, Greece,  Latvia, Lithunia, RomaniaWe no longer ship to the following countries:Australia, New Zealand, Canada, Japan and the USA. We cannot ship any paints, solvents, cap guns or cap gun caps to any country outside the EU.We cannot be held responsible for the late delivery of parcels. For deliveries outside the European Union, UK Vat of 20% from 4th January 2011 will be deducted from the price, you may however have to pay any local sales tax or import duty due. The amount charged to your card account may vary slightly due to exchange rate fluctuations and commission - we currently debit cards in pounds sterling - this will be converted by your card provider to your local currency. We cannot process any orders which are not 3D Authenticated.
Will I have to pay customs fees on my order?
Your order may be charged customs fees (taxes, duties, processing fees, brokerage fees, etc.) upon delivery. Unfortunately, Wonderland Models has no control over these fees. Please contact your local customs office for more information.The shipping charges you pay to Wonderland Models only cover shipping cost, and do NOT include customs fees, import taxes, brokerage fees, or duties. If payment of additional fees is refused at the time of delivery, the shipment will be returned to us. At that point, we can refund your purchase price, not including shipping costs.Wonderland Models has no way of accurately calculating customs fees, taxes, duties, etc. On rare occasions, your order may be delayed due to the customs process. If your order takes more than two weeks to arrive from the moment you receive your shipment notification, check with your local customs office to see if they are holding the package.
Postal Losses
If items are lost or damaged on their way to you, we must await confirmation from the courier or postal service used that the parcel was lost or damaged before we can resend items. Placing a claim to have the value of the item refunded can take between 15 and 30 days. We require written confirmation from the customer before any claim can be processed. Please wait 15 working days before contacting us, also checking with your local Royal Mail sorting office to see whether they are holding the parcel for you. The best way of doing this is to send us an email outlining your order number along with your name and the delivery address.  In some cases we will not be able to despatch a replacement until this claim is complete.
Claims
Upon receipt of your order please check the contents carefully as shortages/discrepancies/damages must be notified within 48 hours of receipt.
Security & Privacy
Forgotten Password
If you have forgotten your password, all you need to do is simply click the 'forgotten password' link on the sign in page, enter your email and a new password will be sent to you within a few minutes. Once you have logged back in with this password you may update it by going to My Account and clicking the 'change password' link.
Privacy Policy
This is the privacy notice of Wonderland Toys Limited trading as Wonderland Models. In this document, "we", "our", or "us" refer to Wonderland Toys Limited trading as Wonderland Models.
We are company number SC049931 and are registered in Scotland. Our registered office is at 97 Lothian Road, Edinburgh EH3 9AN, Scotland, UK.
Wonderland Toys Limited knows that you care how information about you is used and shared, and we appreciate your trust and want you to feel confident in our services and security as it relates to your personal information. This notice describes our privacy policy. By visiting Wonderland Models, you are accepting the practices described in this Privacy Notice.
Introduction
This is a notice to inform you of our policy about all information that we record about you. It sets out the conditions under which we may process any information that we collect from you, or that you provide to us. It covers information that could identify you (“personal information”) and information that could not. In the context of the law and this notice, “process” means collect, store, transfer, use or otherwise act on information.
We take seriously the protection of your privacy and confidentiality. We understand that all visitors to our website are entitled to know that their personal data will not be used for any purpose unintended by them, and will not accidentally fall into the hands of a third party.
We undertake to preserve the confidentiality of all information you provide to us.
Our policy complies with UK law accordingly implemented, including that required by the EU General Data Protection Regulation (GDPR) which comes into force on 25th May 2018.
The law requires us to tell you about your rights and our obligations to you in regards to the processing and control of your personal data. We do this now, by requesting that you read the information provided at www.knowyourprivacyrights.org .
Except as set out below, we do not share, or sell, or disclose to a third party, any information collected through our website.
The basis on which we process information about you
The law requires us to determine under which of six defined basis we process different categories of your personal information, and to notify you of the basis for each category.
If a basis on which we process your personal information is no longer relevant then we shall immediately stop processing your data.
If the basis changes then if required by law we shall notify you of the change and of any new basis under which we have determined that we can continue to process your information.
1. Information we process because we have a contractual obligation with you
When you create an account on our website, buy a product or service from us, or otherwise agree to our terms and conditions, a contract is formed between you and us. In order to carry out our obligations under that contract we must process the information you give us. Some of this information may be personal information.
We may use it in order to:
Verify  your identity for security purposes Sell products to you Provide you with our services Provide you with suggestions and advice on products, services and how to obtain the most from using our website.
We process this information on the basis there is a contract between us, or that you have requested we use the information before we enter into a legal contract.
Additionally, we may aggregate this information in a general way and use it to provide class information, for example to monitor our performance with respect to a particular service we provide. If we use it for this purpose, you as an individual will not be personally identifiable.
We shall continue to process this information until the contract between us ends or is terminated by either party under the terms of the contract.
2. Information we process with your consent
Through certain actions when otherwise there is no contractual relationship between us, such as when you browse our website or ask us to provide you more information about our products and services, you provide your consent to us to process information that may be personal information.
Wherever possible, we aim to obtain your explicit consent to process this information, for example, by asking you to agree to our use of cookies.
Sometimes you might give your consent implicitly, such as when you send us a message by e-mail to which you would reasonably expect us to reply.
Except where you have consented to our use of your information for a specific purpose, we do not use your information in any way that would identify you personally. We may aggregate it in a general way and use it to provide class information, for example to monitor the performance of a particular page on our website.
We continue to process your information on this basis until you withdraw your consent or it can be reasonably assumed that your consent no longer exists.
You may withdraw your consent at any time by instructing us at sales@wonderlandmodels.com. 3. Information we process because we have a legal obligation
We are subject to the law like everyone else. Sometimes, we must process your information in order to comply with a statutory obligation.
For example, we may be required to give information to legal authorities if they so request or if they have the proper authorisation such as a search warrant or court order.
This may include your personal information.
4. Reviews you post on our website
Our website at wonderlandmodels.com allows you to post reviews about the product or service you have purchased with a view to that information being read or used by other people.
We do not specifically use this information except to allow it to be displayed on our website.
We do store it, and we reserve a right to use it in the future in any way we decide.
Provided your request is reasonable and there is no legal basis for us to retain it, then at our discretion we may agree to your request to delete your review with your personal information that you have posted. You can make a request by contacting us at sales@wonderlandmodels.com.
5. Information relating to your method of payment
Our site uses an online ordering system for customers to request information, products, and services. We collect visitor's contact information (like their names, address, telephone number and e-mail address).  Our website uses SagePay and industry-standard SSL protocols to provide secure credit card and payment transactions. When you place an order, your credit/debit card information is encrypted and then sent over the internet, no one can read or access the data that is being transmitted). Contact information from the order form is used to send orders and information about our company to our customers. Financial information that is collected is used to charge the user for products and services. At the point of payment, you are transferred to a secure page on the website of Sage Pay. That page may be branded to look like a page on our website, but it is not controlled by us.
6. Sending a message to our customer support team
When you contact us through our website or by e-mail, we collect the data you have given to us in order to reply with the information you need.
We record your request and our reply in order to increase the efficiency of our business.
We keep personally identifiable information associated with your message, such as your name and email address so as to be able to track our communications with you to provide a high quality service.
Email Marketing
When you fill out a web-form to sign up to a newsletter, download a resource, such as a brochure, or enquire about a product, we may ask you to provide certain personal information, including your:
Name
Email address
Telephone number
By completing the form and ticking the relevant boxes you are providing your consent for Wonderland Models to process your personal data, and this is the legal basis we are relying on to do so.
We will use the information that you give us to send you relevant emails containing Wonderland Models news & marketing communications. Your information will be stored by a third-party data processor;  Mercurytide, whose servers are located in the UK, you can read their privacy information: here.
In addition, if you have enquired about a product or service we will use the information you have given to update our customer relationship management system so one of our consultants or advisors can contact you. This information will also be stored by Mercurytide.
We regularly review your interactions with the emails we send you and remove any subscribers who have shown an extended period of inactivity. You can withdraw your consent and unsubscribe at any time by clicking the link at the bottom our email communications or by emailing this address.
If you continue to interact with our emails or website, we will retain your data indefinitely, so we can continue to send you emails.
7. Complaints
When we receive a complaint, we record all the information you have given to us. We use that information to resolve your complaint.
If your complaint reasonably requires us to contact some other person, we may decide to give to that other person some of the information contained in your complaint. We do this as infrequently as possible, but it is a matter for our sole discretion as to whether we do give information, and if we do, what that information is.
We may also compile statistics showing information obtained from this source to assess the level of service we provide, but not in a way that could identify you or any other person.
Use of information we collect through automated systems when you visit our website
8. Cookies
Cookies are small text files that are placed on your computer's hard drive by your web browser when you visit a website. They allow information gathered on one web page to be stored until it is needed for use on another, allowing a website to provide you with a personalised experience, and the website owner with statistics about how you use the website so that it can be improved.
We do not use cookies to store any personally identifying information from users except to identify a user who has chosen to log in to the site. We do not use cookies to track user activities beyond our web site. For example, we may use cookies to store your country preference.
Some cookies may last for a defined period of time, such as one day or until you close your browser. Others last indefinitely.
Our website uses third party cookies. They are placed by software that operates on our servers, and by software operated by third parties whose services we use.
An example is that we use Google Analytics to measure the performance of our website.
We may use the information we obtain from your use of our cookies for the following purposes:
To improve the website’s usability;
To analyse your use of our website;
To provide certain interactive functionality, such as remembering your answers to previous questions on a multi-page questionnaire.
Most browsers allow you to refuse to accept cookies, and to delete ones that have been placed on your computer.
If you do not want us to use cookies, you may disable their use in your browser. However, if you do so then please note that you may not be able to use all the features on our website.
9. Information we obtain from third parties
Although we do not disclose your personal information to any third party (except as set out in this notice). No such information is personally identifiable to you.
10. Data may be processed outside the European Union
As part of the services offered to you through this website, the information which you provide to us may be transferred to countries outside the European Union (“EU”). These countries may not have similar data protection laws to the UK. By submitting your personal data, you’re agreeing to this transfer, storing or processing. If we transfer your information outside of the EU in this way, we will take steps to ensure that appropriate security measures are taken with the aim of ensuring that your privacy rights continue to be protected as outlined in this Policy. If your data is transferred outside of the EU it will be done so to allow us to perform any contractual obligations that are required to provide the services, you have requested from us.
If you use our services while you are outside the EU, your information may be transferred outside the EU in order to provide you with those services.
11. Access to your personal information
At any time you may review or update personally identifiable information that we hold about you, by signing in to your account on our website.
To obtain a copy of any information that is not provided on our website you may send us a request at sales@wonderlandmodels.com .
After  receiving the request, we will tell you when we expect to provide you with the information. This information must be provided free of charge, unless the request is manifestly unfounded or excessive, particularly if it is repetitive. We will endeavour to supply this information without delay and at the latest within one month of receipt. If the request is complex or numerous we can extend this period by a further two months. You will be informed, if this is the case, within one month of the request with an explanation as to why it is necessary
12. Removal of your information
If you wish us to remove personally identifiable information from our website, you may contact us at sales@wonderlandmodels.com
This may limit the service we can provide to you.
13. Verification of your information
When we receive any request to access, edit or delete personal identifiable information we shall first take reasonable steps to verify your identity before granting you access or otherwise taking any action. This is important to safeguard your information.
14. Use of site by children
We do not collect the personal information for children under the age of 13. We are prohibited from conditioning a child's participation in an activity on the child disclosing more personal information than is reasonably necessary. In cases where we have inadvertently collected personal information of a child, the parent can always review this information, choose to have this information deleted from our records and refuse to permit further collection or use of this information.
If you are under 18, you may use our website only with consent from a parent or guardian.
15. How you can complain
If you are not happy with our privacy policy or if you have any complaint then you should tell us by email. Our address is sales@wonderlandmodels.com.
If a dispute is not settled then we hope you will agree to attempt to resolve it by engaging in good faith with us in a process of mediation or arbitration.
If you are in any way dissatisfied about how we process your personal information, you have a right to lodge a complaint with the Information Commissioner's Office. This can be done at https://ico.org.uk/global/contact-us/
16. Retention period for personal data
Except as otherwise mentioned in this privacy notice, we keep your personal information only for as long as required by us:
To provide you with the services you have requested;
To comply with other law, including for the period demanded by our tax authorities;
To support a claim or defence in court.
You may request a copy of our retention policy by emailing us at sales@wonderlandmodels.com.
17. Compliance with the law
Our privacy policy has been compiled so as to comply with the law in the UK. If you think it fails to satisfy the law of your jurisdiction, we should like to hear from you.
However, ultimately it is your choice as to whether you wish to use our website.
18. Review of This Privacy Policy
We may update this privacy notice from time to time as necessary. The terms that apply to you are those posted here on our website on the day you use our website. We advise you to print a copy for your records. This policy was last updated in May 2018.
19. Security precautions in place to protect the loss, misuse or alteration of your information
When you give us personal information, we take steps to ensure that it’s treated securely.
Any sensitive information is encrypted and protected while in transit with 256 Bit SSL encryption. When you are on a secure page, a padlock icon will appear on the address bar of web browsers such as Google Chrome.
Our websites are scanned on a regular basis for known vulnerabilities including regular malware scanning. Your personal information is contained behind secured networks and is only accessible by a limited number of persons who have authorised access to such systems and are required to keep the information confidential. Wonderland Models cannot ensure or warrant the security of any information you transmit to us by e-mail, and you do so at your own risk. Additionally, while we have implemented security measures to help prevent any unauthorised access or disclosure of your information, we cannot assure or guarantee that the information we collect will never be accessed by unauthorised individuals or disclosed in a manner that is inconsistent with this privacy policy.
All financial transactions are processed through a gateway provider and are not stored or processed on our servers.
Where we have given (or where you have chosen) a password which enables you to access certain parts of our websites, you are responsible for keeping this password confidential. We ask you not to share your password with anyone and we also recommend you change your password regularly.
20. Connection Encrypted: High-grade Encryption (AES- 256 bit)
The logo displayed in the right hand side of your screen indicates that Wonderland Models (https://www.wonderlandmodels.com/) is secured by Comodo SSL. As a result we have made our website 100% secure with SSL on all pages.
In simple terms this means that it is very difficult for unauthorised people to view information traveling between computers. It is therefore very unlikely that anyone can read the pages on https://www.wonderlandmodels.com traveling over the network (Internet). We are a Google Certified Shop.
We comply with PCI DSS.
What Personal Information About Customers Does Wonderland Models Gather?
The information we learn from customers helps us personalize and continually improve your shopping experience at Wonderland Models. Here are the types of information we gather.
Information You Give Us: We receive and store any information you enter on our website or give us in any other way. You can choose not to provide certain information, but then you might not be able to take advantage of many of our features. We use the information that you provide for such purposes as responding to your requests, fulfilling orders, customizing future shopping for you, improving our store features, and communication with you.
Automatic Information: We receive and store certain types of information whenever you interact with our website. For example, like many web sites, we sometimes use "cookies," and we obtain certain types of information when your Web browser accesses our website.
E-mail Communications: To help us make e-mails more productive to improve service and your shopping experience, we sometimes send you newsletters of our services and products, notifications of changes to our policies, and order confirmations. If you do not want to receive e-mail from us, other than order notifications and receipts, please adjust your "Subscription" preferences by logging into your account.
Do We Share the Information We Receive?
We respect your privacy and appreciate your business. At no time do we ever provide your account contact or payment information to any third party vendor, associate or service provider unless absolutely necessary in order to complete your transaction and order.
21. Which Information Can I Access?
Wonderland Models gives you access to a broad range of information about your account and your interactions with us for the limited purpose of viewing and, in certain cases, updating that information.
If you choose to visit Wonderland Models, your visit and any dispute over privacy is subject to this Notice and our Conditions of Use, including limitations on damages, arbitration of disputes, and application of the law of our country. If you have any concern about the privacy of your personal information as used and collected within our website, please send us a thorough description by clicking on the "Contact Us" link on the side menu, and we will try to resolve it or by emailing us at sales@wonderlandmodels.com.
Our business changes constantly, and our Privacy Notice and the Conditions of Use will change also. We may e-mail periodic reminders of our notices and conditions, unless you have instructed us not to, but you should check our Web site frequently to see recent changes. Unless stated otherwise, our current Privacy Notice applies to all information that we have about you and your account. We stand behind the promises we make, however, and will never materially change our policies and practices to make them less protective of customer information collected in the past without the consent of affected customers.
22. WE DO NOT HOLD CUSTOMER CREDIT CARD INFORMATION ON OUR SERVER
Automatic Information
For security purposes the Wonderland Models server logs the IP address of any computer or device connecting to it. We do not process or use this information however, it could be used in the event of any anti-fraud investigations or potential breaches of Wonderland Models systems.
QuestionsQuestions regarding our Conditions of Usage, Privacy Policy, or other policy related material can be directed to our support staff by clicking on the "Contact Us" link in the side menu. Or you can email us at: sales@wonderlandmodels.com. You can also write to us at 97 & 101 Lothian Road, Edinburgh, Scotland, United Kingdom, EH3 9AN. Telephone: 0131 229 6428
Phishing
Phishing is the practice of tricking someone into giving confidential information. Examples include falsely claiming to be a legitimate company when sending an e-mail to a user, in an attempt to get the user to send private information that will be used for identity theft and fraud.We will never ask you to send any personal details via email. If we require such details, for security reasons we will ask you to contact us by phone. Should you receive an email claiming to be from Wonderland Models requesting this kind of information, please do not respond but let us know.
Verified by Visa and MasterCard SecureCode
To give you even more confidence in shopping online with us, we have introduced Verified by Visa and MasterCard SecureCode. These services enhance your existing card account against unauthorised use when you shop with us.
To use this service, you must first register with the bank or other organisation that issued your card. To find out more about these services:
Click here to visit the Verified by Visa website
Click here to visit the MasterCard SecureCode website
Once you've registered and created your own private password with your card issuer, you will be automatically prompted at checkout to provide this password each time you make a purchase.
Please note: Your Verified by Visa or MasterCard SecureCode password is not your wonderland models account password. Wonderland Models does not have access to your Verified by Visa or MasterCard SecureCode password.
Update Your Details
You may update your personal details at any time by logging into your account.
WEEE Recycling
Recycle your old electricals with us……If you’re buying a new electrical item, we will recycle your old one for free.Please do not throw electrical equipment (including those items marked with the crossed out wheeled bin symbol) in your bin. This is because:
Unwanted electrical equipment is the UKs fastest growing type of waste.
Many electrical items can be repaired or recycled, saving natural resources and the environment.
If we do not recycle electrical items they will end up in landfill where hazardous substances will leak out and cause soil and water contamination – harming wildlife and also human health.
The Waste Electrical and Electronic Equipment (WEEE) Directive requires countries to maximise separate collection and environmentally friendly processing of these items. In the UK, distributors including retailers must provide a system which allows all customers buying new electrical equipment the opportunity to recycle their old items free of charge. As a responsible retailer, we have met the requirements placed on us by offering all customers buying new electrical equipment free take-back of their old electricals on a like-for-like basis in our store. Unwanted items should be returned within 28 days of purchasing your new product.
Export to the Republic of Ireland We are no longer able to supply electrical goods to the Republic of Ireland. This is in response to the Irish Environment Protection Agency forcing UK retailers to manage the recycling of such items via a complex and expensive WEEE scheme. In the event that any Irish customers order products containing electric items they will be contacted informing them that we are unable to send items containing WEEE.
We apologies for any inconvenience caused to our Irish customers.  Warranty claims will still be honoured.
Waste Battery Regulations
Under the Waste Battery Regulations, Wonderland Models are now offering a take back scheme for all portable waste batteries. You can return your waste batteries to our business premises in person (PLEASE DO NOT POST).Alternatively, you can find your local waste portable battery recycling facility at www.recyclenow.com Most supermarkets and shops that sell batteries will have collection bins for used batteries, and some town halls, libraries or schools may also set up collection points. End-users may find stores in their local area more accessible.
Waste Electrical and Electronic Equipment (WEEE) is taken back free of charge on a one-for-one, like-for-like basis. Waste batteries including rechargeable batteries are taken back free of charge. You are not obliged to make any purchase when returning old batteries. Each local authority must also accept household WEEE and small batteries free of charge at its recycling facilities. All WEEE and waste batteries must be recycled and should not be placed in any of your household wheelie bins. Make sure you always recycle all your old electrical goods and batteries.
What our customers say
"Great place will shop again with you and fast delivery too."
Mark Pratt
"Processed quickly and arrived well packed, very pleased overall, thanks"
John s
"Used before and would have no problems using again."
Emma B
See all reviews
Subscribe to our newsletter
Here to help
About us
Contact us
Help
Ordering
Offers
Buyers' Guide
Delivery
Information
Resources
Terms
Site map
Company registration number: SC049931
Wonderland (Toys) Limited, 97 Lothian Road, Edinburgh, Midlothian, EH3 9AN
Bespoke ecommerce by Mercurytide
www.wonderlandmodels.com
would like to store information (cookies) on your computer.
By continuing to use this site, you consent to this.