http://www.welovecolors.com/help.aspx
Loading...
Home
Help
Help
Colors
Which color will match best?
If you have a specific outfit, costume, or fabric you are trying to match with one of We Love Colors' colors there are several ways you can find the best color to meet your need.
Check out our Color Guide. There you can see our best online color representation. In our Color Guide, you can filter by color family to see our colors grouped by similar colors using the drop down menu in the upper right. You can try contacting us and describe the color you need with an example of a commonly known brand, character, or other pop cultural reference that we can search online to help us best recommend which color will be the closest possible match. Send us a photo or image. If you are taking a photo please try using natural light to avoid variations on the color. After taking the photo view it on your computer / phone to see if the color is accurate. If you see any variation on your screen you can describe it when sending your image, so we can use all available information to best help. Send us a physical sample of your target color to us via postal mail. This will be the most accurate option as we can compare our color with actual garments. This option is available if you can wait a little longer to receive your items.
Buy a color ring. They include swatches of all our colors and can be found here. Our color rings are made with one style of fabric, which may be different than the style you order.
Do your colors vary between the different styles?
Slight variations can occur between styles. At We Love Colors we have over 80 different styles that are composed of nylon or nylon / spandex. While we do all our own textile coloration, some factors can influence the final color between styles even if they are included in the same dye batch. When preparing your order for shipment our team visually checks that we are sending you minimal variation (if any) between styles.
What if the color I received was not what I expected?
We do our best to represent our colors well online. If you received a color that does not work for you there are several things we can do to help depending on your individual situation. It may be best if you contact us directly with more information about what you need. Or if you prefer, you can return the item that did not work for you. If you can include an example of the target color you are looking in the return package we will be happy to visually match our closest color for you.
Do your colors bleed or fade over time?
After the coloration process we use what is called a dye fixative agent to help keep colors from bleeding / fading on colors that require it. Each color will have different properties with respect to bleeding and fading over time as it is characteristic of the dyes used.
Some of our colors will have more risk of bleeding. You will want to use extra care with Scarlet Red, Turquoise, Neon Yellow, Neon Orange, Neon Green, and Kelly Green. For best results follow our care instructions. If you do not wash separately and experience staining on other clothes, try washing the stained clothes over again. Our dyes are meant for nylon or nylon / spandex, and likely will wash out of garments of other fibers (cotton, polyester, etc).
Do your colors glow under a black light?
Our Neon Yellow, Neon Pink, and Neon Orange including our Splash Colors with those same neon colors (#7001, #7205, #7214, and #7411) will glow under a black light.
Do you offer all of your products in all of your colors?
Yes, because we do all our own textile dyeing, we are able to offer all of our 50+ colors in all of the various styles we offer.
Products / Sizing
How do I find the best size for me?
Our size charts have evolved over years of feedback, and we are constantly trying to improve them further with your feedback. Body types are varying though so a simple height / weight chart does not always get the best fit, especially when going into plus sizes. Thankfully, with hosiery there usually is a lot of stretch allowing to fit a greater range of sizes.
We are working on improving our online tools for finding the best fit, please add your email address to our mailing list to be informed of updates. Also, if you have any questions please feel free to contact us and we will do our best to help you find the right size based on our experience.
Why are all your sizes different between products?
We have several different manufacturers that we work with to make our garments. When improving the design of our garments it requires us to work within each vendors machinery / capabilities. This causes our sizing to not be exactly the same between styles. Be sure to read each product's size chart before ordering.
What if I received my tights and they are labeled the correct size but they seem really small?
Be sure to try them on. Some of our styles appear very small but because they are very stretchy when you put them on they will fit well. Still don't fit? No worries you can still return them. Please contact us directly to see if we have a suggested alternative size or style. We appreciate your feedback and will use it to improve. We have an excellent return policy and you may return or exchange the garments that have been tried on (not worn / soiled condition).
Are there any special care instructions?
For best results hand wash separately in lukewarm water and hang dry. For machine washing use cold water and wash separately or with like colors and hang dry. Using a mesh laundry bag will increase life of garment.
What does the term denier mean?
Denier is a term used for hosiery to describe thickness. The higher the denier the thicker the hosiery item. Below 40 denier is considered to be sheer, while 40 denier and above is considered to be opaque.
Orders / Shipping
Where is my order?
You can check your order status online by visiting this page and entering your order number and postal zip code. This link can also be found on your order confirmation email. If you placed an order with an account you can login and see your order history which will indicate the current status of you order.
How can I change my order?
You can change your order up until the time that it has been shipped by contacting us with your requested change. Please note if you change to an item / color that is not ready to ship, your order may not be able to ship immediately.
How soon will I get my order?
If your order includes items that are indicated as Ready to Ship then your order will ship that same day or the next business day. During your order process you will be provided with shipping options and estimated delivery dates. If you are working with a tight or special deadline, please reply to your order confirmation email with details. We will do everything possible to help.
How do I know if you have any item in stock?
Our product pages and shopping cart will provide you with information on an item's stock status. An item that indicates as Ready to Ship is as it describes, if an item indicates Need to Dye that means we have to make that specific color for you, which depending on our production schedule should take no longer than 3 days to ship. For items that indicate Pre-Order that means we are waiting on shipment from our manufacturer and could have an extended delay on shipping, usually no longer than 2 weeks. These guidelines are estimates, not promises for shipping, if you have a special deadline you are working with do let us know by replying to your order confirmation email and we will do our very best to meet your requested deadline.
Where do you ship from?
All orders are shipped from our location in Miami, Florida, USA. From this same location we make all our colors.
Do I need to make an account to order on www.welovecolors.com?
You do not need to make an account when placing an order online. A checkout as guest option is available.
Returns / Exchanges
What is your return / exchange policy?
Returns may be made up to 30 days for a full refund. Returns made after 30 days will be assessed a restocking fee. Returned items must be in new and unused condition. Returned items in unacceptable condition will be declined. Shipping charges are non-refundable. Returns over $200 will be assessed a restocking fee, click here for complete Return / Exchange policy information.
How do I make a return or exchange?
Included in your order shipment will be a Return / Exchange form, follow the instructions on that form and return any items to us. If you no longer have this form you can download and print: Click Here (PDF / 341KB)
What if I tried my tights on, can I still return them?
Yes, you may return tights that have been tried on briefly to check sizing. Please be sure when trying them on you do so under clean conditions, we may refuse to refund a return if the item is not in new condition. See our Return Exchange policy for more details.
Are shipping fees refunded?
US Postal shipping charges are non-refundable. FedEx shipping charges are non-refundable, unless the guaranteed delivery date was not fulfilled by FedEx and are refundable by FedEx via their shipping guidelines.
Do I have to pay for exchange shipping?
Yes. Please be sure to include payment information on your Return / Exchange form as our system does not store credit card information. Leaving that information off will delay your exchange from being processed.
How fast do I receive a refund?
Your refund will take up to 14 days to process after we have received you returned items.
Privacy / Account / Preferences
What do I do if I am having trouble accessing my account?
If your password is not working, you can use Forgot Password click here. If you cannot recall the email address used to place orders, you can send us your name and address and we will research it for you. Having another access issue? Please Contact Us with details on what you are experiencing.
How do I change the information on my account?
Login then open left navigation menu. Go to My Account then click Account. Here you will be able to change your addresses, phone numbers, email, and login information.
How do I change my privacy / contact preferences?
Login then open right menu, go to Preferences.
Website
What are the benefits of placing an order with an account?
By creating an account on www.welovecolors.com you will be able to:
View your entire order history Save time entering in your information Print receipts from previous orders Easily find / re-order items you have in the past View your Saved Item list Manage your preferences Recieve discounts and more
Where can I find my order history?
Login then open left navigation menu. Go to My Account then click Orders.
How do I create a Saved List?
You can begin creating a list by clicking link "Save for later" on either the product page or shopping cart. You can find your Save List on the bottom of our shopping cart, or by logging into your account.
How do I save items from my shopping cart?
Your shopping cart items should remain in your web browser for 180 days if cookies are enabled. You can send your cart contents to and email address. Click Email Cart button on the shopping cart.
How do I submit a product review? We are very interested in your feedback, please email your feedback to
How do I place an order?
The fastest way to place an order is online through our website. The basic process of placing an online order is to add items to your online cart then click check out and complete the steps. Placing an order by phone is also possible. Call us at 305-889-0793 between 9am - 5pm Eastern Time Monday through Friday. Orders can be made via postal mail.
Ask a Question / Send Feedback
Your Question
Learn
Our Process
How do you make colors?
We mix powder dyes together to get each of our colors. Sometimes a color will take only one color dye, while other colors require up to three hues blended together.
From there the garments are placed into a dye machine (which can be thought of as a very high temperature washing machine) using water and sometimes other dyeing chemicals depending on the color, then mixed / heated and held at high temperature to allow the color to apply to each garment in the dye bath.
Are your dyes harmful?
All our dyes and dye chemicals are non-toxic. In the 16+ years we have been in business, we have not had any single complaint about our items causing any skin or other sensitivity issues.
How do you source your products?
We source by first looking for manufactures within the United States, and when one cannot be found or worked with for a specific style we do look overseas. We require that all manufacturers allow a representative from We Love Colors to visit their facilities, and we do visit them. We avoid purchasing indirectly from distributors.In 2018, approximately 63% our dollars inventory purchases came from items made in the USA.
About We Love Colors
How did We Love Colors get started?
One of our founders, Richard, had a very special talent for making colors. Richard went straight from high school to a dye house and learned the art of color matching from textile dyes to any fabric he was given. He develop this skill over a 30+ year career to the point he could blend dyes together by eye to get your exact color. From his craft We Love Colors has been built. In 2002, he teamed up with his son Craig who had recently graduated college and had experience with e-commerce. Craig did some market research, which gave the insight and direction to expand the color range and develop the product line towards hosiery and dancewear.
With love, Richard's craft, and his son Craig's imagination, We Love Colors was built.
What is the vision for We Love Colors?
Positive Force + Profit = Spread Happy We strive to be successful business and offer a product that has a positive impact. Colors do evoke a response that can range from a simple smile to total inspiration.
What are We Love Colors values?
We value and support self expression and inclusivity. We believe in personal style as means of creative expression. Our company values are as follows:
Make millions of people happy worldwide Be a sustainable and profitable business Create a workplace that people love Give back to our community Improve always Be a part of a great team Make great things happen
Who is Richard?
Richard is one our founders, that in addition to being an expert at textile dyeing, he also was an imaginative unique lovable person. Socially he was somewhat awkward and introverted, but when you got him to open up he would make you roll on the floor laughing with his quirky sense of humor and interesting stories. Richard passed away in 2011, leaving his legacy and life long work of producing colors with us through We Love Colors.
We Love Colors
Lucky Code - Copied
You may not use paste feature to share your code.
Close