http://www.glengallery.com/privacy-policy
Menu
Home
Birthday
General Occasions
Religious
Thank You
Weddings
New Baby
Celtic
Special Offers
Home
» Privacy Policy
Privacy Policy
We at Glen Gallery respect your right to privacy and comply with our obligations under the Data Protection Acts 1988 and 2002. The purpose of this Website Privacy Policy is to outline how we deal with any personal data you provide to us while visiting this website. Naturally, if you are not happy with this Website Privacy Policy you should not use this website.
By visiting this website, you are accepting the terms of this Website Privacy Policy. Any external links to other websites are clearly identifiable as such, and we are not responsible for the content or the privacy policies of these other websites.
For added security your credit card details are never taken by our server and never stored on our server. They will be taken securely by PayPal, whose payment process employs standard SSL (Secure Sockets Layer) technology to ensure that your online transaction is secure. Your credit card details are encrypted for travel over the Internet, ensuring that it is unreadable by anyone else, which means a higher level of security and peace of mind for customers who would like to order over the internet.
The personal data we collect is used to identify or contact you and may include your name, address, email address, user IP addresses in circumstances where they have not been deleted, clipped or anonymised, telephone number. Such information is only collected from you if you voluntarily submit it to us.
We will not trade, resell, sell, or redistribute information that you provide to us, to any other companies, organisations or individuals.
Like most websites, we gather statistical and other analytical information collected on an aggregate basis of all visitors to our website. This Non-Personal Data comprises information that cannot be used to identify or contact you, such as demographic information regarding, for example, user IP addresses where they have been clipped or anonymised, browser types and other anonymous statistical data involving the use of our website.
Disclosure of Information to Third Parties
We will not disclose your Personal Data to third parties unless you have consented to this disclosure or unless the third party is required to fulfil your order (in such circumstances, the third party is bound by similar data protection requirements). We will disclose your Personal Data if we believe in good faith that we are required to disclose it in order to comply with any applicable law, a summons, a search warrant, a court or regulatory order, or other statutory requirement.
Changes to the Website Privacy Policy
Any changes to this Website Privacy Policy will be posted on this website so you are always aware of what information we collect, how we use it, and under what circumstances, if any, we disclose it. If at any time we decide to use Personal Data in a manner significantly different from that stated in this Website Privacy Policy, or otherwise disclosed to you at the time it was collected, we will notify you by email, and you will have a choice as to whether or not we use your information in the new manner.
Continue
Specials
Affiliates
Gift Vouchers
Site Map
Contact Us
About Us
Download Catalogue
© OSD Digital Agency Ireland 2014 | Content © The Glen Gallery 2014