http://www.urbanclotheslines.com/policy-information.html
Sitemap
Register
Sign in
Home
::
Policy Information
Policy Information
Refund Policy
Damaged or Defective Item:
- Damaged or defective items will be replaced free of charge with shipping cost return and re-delivery paid for by Urban Clotheslines.
Unwanted Item Returns:
- All items must be returned within 30 days of your order date.
- Please contact us in advance or returning item to obtain a RMA (return merchandise number).
- Once the return is inspected we will refund the order total minus the actual cost of delivery (because the $3.99 promotional shipping price does not cover actual shipping cost).
- If you are unable to print a return label, we can provide one upon request.  The cost of return lables will be deducted from the refund in addition to actual delivery cost.
- 15% restocking/boxing fee applies to all open box returns.
For inquiries regarding returns please email all details
Privacy Statement
For each visitor to our Web page, our Web server automatically recognizes no information regarding the domain or e-mail address. We collect the e-mail address of those who communicate with us via e-mail, aggregate information on what pages consumers access or visit, user specific information on what pages consumers access or visit and information volunteered by the consumer, such as survey information and/or site registrations.
The information we collect is used for internal review and is then discarded, used to improve the content of our Web page, used to customize the content and/or layout of our page for individual consumer and used by us to contact consumers for marketing purposes.
If you do not want to receive e-mail from us in the future, please let us know by sending an e-mail, calling or writing, and telling us that you do not want to receive e-mail from our company.
Terms of Use Statement
You understand and agree that the owners of this site shall not be liable for any direct, indirect, incidental, consequential or exemplary damages, including but not limited to, damages for loss of profits, data or other intangible losses (even if the owners of this site have been advised of the possibility of such damages), resulting from the use or the inability to use the product(s) and or service(s) or any misuse of the product(s) and or service(s) in a manner not in accordance with their intended use.
Categories
Retractable Clotheslines
Ceiling Clothes Airers
Folding Frame Clotheslines
Rotary Clotheslines
Clothes Drying Racks
Wall Mounted Drying Racks
Indoor Airers
Pulley Clotheslines
T-Post Clotheslines
Family Clothesline Options
Couple Clothesline Options
Single Clothesline Options
Accessories & Parts
All Product
Manufacturers
Stewi Clotheslines
Special
Search for events
Sitemap
Products Map
News
No news available at the moment
Need help?
Contact us
Policy Information
Shipping Information
Privacy statement
Affiliates
Click here to register as an affiliate
Affiliates
Click here to register as an affiliate
And We Ship to Canada!
469-242-6875
Cart is empty
Menu
Home
Blog
Products
Stewi Clotheslines
Why Buy Clotheslines?
Contact Us
ORDER ONLINE 24 HOURS A DAY, 7 DAYS A WEEK, 365 DAYS YEAR
Retractable Clotheslines Ceiling Clothes Airers Folding Frame Clotheslines Rotary Clotheslines Clothes Drying Racks Wall Mounted Drying Racks Indoor Airers
Pulley Clotheslines T-Post Clotheslines Family Clothesline Options Couple Clothesline Options Single Clothesline Options Accessories & Parts
Ph: 469-242-6875Inquiries and PhoneOrders Welcome
Facebook
Twitter
RSS
Youtube
Google +
Home
Contact us
Policy Information
Shipping Information
Privacy statement
Copyright © 2005-2020 Urban Clotheslines