http://www.whichfordpottery.com/privacy-policy
Skip to main content
Home Page
Buy Our Pots POTS YOU CAN ORDER
CURRENTLY UNAVAILABLE POTS
Sgraffito Tableware by Jim & Dominique
Tableware by Adam Keeling
Planter Lights by Tom Keeling
Gift vouchers
Paintings by Dominique Keeling
About us Challenge us
Find out more
The Whichford Story
How we make our pots
Gift List Service
Meet the makers
Scrapbook
FAQ's
How to Create an Account
Visit Us At Whichford Pottery...
Tour our workshop
The Courtyard Garden
The Stockyard
The Octagon
The Straw Kitchen
How to find us...
What's on
Latest Projects Challenge us
Oxford Anagama
Ceramic Poppy Brooches - British Legion
Whichford Pottery Projects
Architectural Features
Statement Flowerpots
Ceramic Poppy Brooches - Daily Mail
Tower of London Poppies
Coloured Flowerpots
Golden Cypress Tree
Humphry Repton for Alan Titchmarsh
Longborough Festival Opera
In memory of Geoff Hamilton
Dominque Keeling
Contact us
Whichford Pottery
Home
Privacy Policy
Privacy Policy
Whichford Pottery Limited's Privacy Policy
How your personal information is used by Whichford Pottery Limited
Your information will be held by Whichford Pottery LTD.  This privacy notice is to let you know how we will look after your personal information. This includes what you tell us about yourself, what we learn by having you as a customer, and the choices you give us about what marketing you want us to send you. This notice explains how we do this and tells you about your privacy rights and how the law protects you.
Our Privacy Promise:
We promise:
- To keep your data safe and private.
- Not to sell your data.
- To give you ways to manage and review your marketing choices at any time.
How the law protects you:
As well as our Privacy Promise, your privacy is protected by law. This section explains how that works.
Data Protection law says that we are allowed to use personal information only if we have a proper reason to do so. This includes sharing it outside Whichford Pottery Ltd. The law says we must have one or more of these reasons:
- To fulfil a contract we have with you, or
- When it is in our legitimate interest, or
-  When you consent to it.
A legitimate interest is when we have a business or commercial reason to use your information.
Please see Schedule One for a detailed information on how we use your personal information and which reasons we rely on to do so. This is also where we tell you what our legitimate interests are.
What personal data we will hold:
- Name
- Residential and/or business address
- Country
- Contact details, such as email addresses and phone numbers
- Data relating to you or your businesses products or services
- Order History
- Whichford Pottey Account Settings
- Delivery Information
We will always process your email address and password that you submit to us when you sign up to a Whichford Pottery Account on our website.
Financial Information:
Any card details given by you are not stored on the server, at the Pottery or in any other format.  For orders taken on our website, all transactions are redirected and taken by Sage Pay which is approved by our Bank to process your order.
Where we collect personal information from:
We may collect personal information about you (and/or your business) from you through the following actions:
- When you purchase our products and services
- When you talk to us on the phone or at the Pottery
- When you use our website
- In emails and letters
- In quotes or other documents
- In customer surveys
- If you take part in our competitions or promotions.
- If you attend events at the Pottery or further a field.
Who we share your personal information with:
Whichford Pottery do not sell your information and will never share it with other organisations unless they are the following types of companies and only to fulfil our legal and contractural duties to you:
- Mailing Houses and Printers
- Delivery and Courier Companies
- Banks, Accountants and Payment Platforms
- Marketing Automation Platform
- Online Purchasing Platforms
- Database Management System
If you choose not to give personal information:
We may need to collect personal information in order to fulfil our legal and contractural duties to you, or under the terms of a contract we have with you.
If you choose not to give us this personal information, it may delay or prevent us from meeting our obligations. It may also mean that we cannot perform services for you. It could mean that we cancel a sale or a contract we have with you.  Any data collection that is optional would be made clear at the point of collection.
Marketing:
We may use your personal information to tell you about relevant products and offers. This is what we mean when we talk about ‘marketing’.
The personal information we have for you is made up of what you tell us. We can only use your personal information to send you marketing messages if we have either your consent or a ‘legitimate interest’. That is when we have a business or commercial reason to use your information. It must not unfairly go against what is right and best for you.
You can ask us to stop sending you marketing messages by contacting us at any time.
If you change your mind you can update your choices at any time by contacting us.
How long we will ‘market’ to you:
We will send ‘marketing’ to you either until:
- You have opted out
- You have requested for us to stop marketing to you via email and/or post
- You have asked us to delete your record
How long do we keep your personal information:
If you have purchased Whichford Pottery products: we will keep your personal information for a maximum of 15 years after the purchase and/or order date. This is so we can fulfill our 10 Year Frostproof Guarantee. We may keep your data for longer than 15 years if we cannot delete it for legal, regulatory or technical reasons. If we do, we will make sure that your privacy is protected.
If you have signed up to receive communications from Whichford Pottery: we will keep your personal information until you choose to opt-out.
If you have communicated with Whichford Pottery for information purposes only: you will not receive marketing from Whichford Pottery but we will keep your data on record for a maximum 2 year term at which point it will be deleted.
How to get a copy of your personal information:
You can access any personal information we hold by calling 01608 684416 or by writing to us at this address:
Whichford Pottery
Whichford
Nr. Shipston-on-Stour
Warks
CV36 5PG
Letting us know if your personal information is incorrect:
You have the right to question any information we have about you that you think is wrong or incomplete. Please contact us if you want to do this. If you do, we will take reasonable steps to check its accuracy and correct it.
What if you want us to stop using your personal information:
You have the right to object to our use of your personal information, or to ask us to delete, remove, or stop using your personal information if there is no need for us to keep it. This is known as the ‘right to object’ and ‘right to erasure’, or the ‘right to be forgotten’.
There may be legal or other official reasons why we need to keep or use your data. But please tell us if you think that we should not be using it.
We may sometimes be able to restrict the use of your data. This means that it can only be used for certain things, such as for our 10 Year Frostproof Guarantee.  In this situation, we would not use your information in other ways while it is restricted.
You can ask us to restrict the use of your personal information if:
-  It is not accurate.
- It has been used unlawfully but you don’t want us to delete it.
- It is not relevant any more
If you want to object to how we use your data, or ask us to delete it or restrict how we use it or, please contact us.
How to withdraw your consent:
You can withdraw your consent at any time. Please contact us if you want to do so.If you withdraw your consent, we may not be able to provide certain products or services to you. If this is so, we will tell you.
How to complain:
Please let us know if you are unhappy with how we have used your personal information. You can contact us by emailing letusknow@whichfordpottery.com or writing to
Whichford Pottery
Whichford
Nr. Shipston-on-Stour
Warks
By using this website and/or signing to an account with Whichford Pottery you are agreeing to both our Terms and Conditions and the information laid out in our Privacy Policy.
Please click here to view our Terms and Conditions.