https://www.perfumeoils.com/cookie-privacy-policy
Login / Register
| Contact Us
My Cart : 0 item(s) /
$0.00
Login
Register
| Contact Us
My Cart: 0 Items
($0.00)
Checkout
Perfume (Body) Oils
Wholesale Bottles & Jars
Bottle Accessories
Incense Products
Air Fresheners
Shea/Body Butters
Lotions, Gels, Mixing Solvents, Massage Oils
Home
E-Catalog 2020
Master List
Testimonials
Contact US
Credit Card Vertification
Categories
Perfume (Body) Oils
Ladies Perfume Oils®
Unisex Perfume Oils®
Mens Cologne Oils®
New Fragrances
Exclusive Perfume Oils®
Egyptian Musks
Wholesale Bottles & Jars
Roll-On Bottles
Roll-On Plastic Bottles
Bottles with Spray Pumps
Standard Glass & Plastic Bottles
Bottles with Treatment Pumps
Glass Bottles with Serum Droppers
Vial Samplers
Plastic Spray Bottles
Lotion & Gel Bottles/Jars
Bottle Accessories
Spray Pumps
Bags/Boxes
Displays
Miscellaneous
Incense Products
Incense by the Bundle
Incense Holders
Air Fresheners
Home/Car
Shea/Body Butters
Shea Butter
Lotions, Gels, Mixing Solvents, Massage Oils
My Profile
Login
Register
References
About us
Mr. Kay's Blog
About Our Oils
Accomplishments
Customer Testimonials
FAQ's
Newsletter
Thanks for signing up!
* Email Address
Sign Up
My Cart
Your Shopping Cart is Empty
Newest Products
Deluxe Incense Burner
1.7 oz (50ml) Tear-Drop Deluxe Clear Glass Bottle (Heavy Base Bottom) with Serum Droppers
1 oz (30ml) Short Square Clear Glass Bottle with Stainless Steel Roller and Color Caps
1/2 oz (15ml) Deluxe Globe-Shaped Clear Glass Bottle (Heavy Base Bottom) with Stainless Steel Roller and Color Caps
1 oz (30ml) Clear Cylinder Glass Bottle with Serum Droppers
1 oz (30ml) Frosted Cylinder Glass Bottle with Serum Droppers
1 oz (30ml) Super Deluxe Square Clear Glass Bottle (Heavy Base Bottom) with Serum Droppers
1.7 oz (50ml) Super Deluxe Square Clear Glass Bottle (Heavy Base Bottom) with Serum Droppers
3.4 oz (100ml) Super Deluxe Cube-Shaped Clear Glass Bottle (Heavy Base Bottle) with Serum Droppers
1 oz (30ml) Short Square Clear Glass Bottle with Serum Droppers
Cookie & Privacy Policy
Disclaimer:*Name trademarks and copyrights are properties of their respective manufacturers and/or designers. Scentsational Shoppe has no affiliation with the manufacturers/designers. Our interpretation of these fragrances was created through chemical analysis and reproduction, and the purpose of this description is to give the customer an idea of scent character, not to mislead or confuse the customer. It is not intended to infringe on the manufacturers/designer's name and valuable trademark.We do not represent our products to be original nor do we represent that they are exact copies; therefore they do not violate any copyright laws. Any references to brand names are made strictly for comparison. Also, let it be known, that this web site has no affiliation to, and is not associated or sponsored by any of these trademark owners. We simply ask the consumer to compare the price, style, and quality of the designer brand products to SCENTSATIONAL SHOPPE INC products. These are Perfume Oils® NOT original perfumes,colognes or scented products.
Our website www.perfumeoils.com is in compliance with the Federal Trade Commission's STATEMENT OF POLICY REGARDING COMPARATIVE ADVERTISING. To view this Statement of Policy please visit: http://www.ftc.gov/bcp/policystmt/ad-compare.htm
Home
Testimonials
Site Map
About Us
Terms and Conditions
Contact Us
About Our Oils
Cookie & Privacy Policy
FAQ's
Mr. Kay's Blog
Our Accomplishments
Get Product Details