http://www.alrug.com/pages/policy/
Skip to content
Close menu
Persian & Oriental
Contemporary & Modern
Pakistani
Tribal
All Rugs
Testimonials
Log in
Instagram
Facebook
Cart
Close cart
Free Shipping
Free International delivery by DHL/FedEx in 3-5 business days.
Easy Returns
14-Day return on all rugs from the day of delivery.
+1 (800) 994-8440
Our staff is happy to help 24 hours a day, 7 days a week
Track Orders
Customer Service
Home
/
Privacy Policy | ALRUG Rug Store
We believe in developing a long term trust relationship with our customers. ALRUG is committed to maintaining the privacy of your personal information. All information that we collect from you, whether through our website or through your interactions directly with ALRUG will be for our exclusive, internal use only to improve the level of service. All our representatives, as a part of their contracts with ALRUG are bound to maintain your confidentiality and may not use the information for any unauthorized purpose. Also none of this confidential information is shared with or sold to third parties.
Our strict and safe privacy policy resulted in many repeat customers and they are increasing every month. So you should be sure that your personal information is in the safe hands.
We value your decision to provide this personal information to us.
Secure Credit Card Transactions
At Alrug.com we protect your credit card information and privacy by using SSL (Secure Socket Layer) technology (the industry standard security protocol), hosting our site on secure servers.
When you provide us with any personal information, such as your credit card number when making a purchase, we use SSL data encryption to ensure that no one can read as it is transmitted over the Internet. We use Cookies (small encrypted data files containing references to user ID information that are stored on our secure server and may write to your hard drive) to keep track of your shopping cart. Your information is safely stored behind a firewall that protects it from users from other networks.
Your Personal Information
The personal information includes your email address, home address, credit card information, telephone numbers and correspondence whether through regular or electronic mails is kept confidential. We only disclose your personal information to some companies to perform functions for us under confidentiality agreements. This includes our partner courier companies DHL, FedEx and UPS for delivery purposes only.
Removal from Rugs Newsletter
You may receive periodic emails or postal mailings from us with information on new products and services, or upcoming events upon your request. If you do not want to receive e-mail from us in the future, please let us know by sending us an email at customerservice@alrug.com. ALRUG does not rent, sell or otherwise forward your name or other personal information to other companies.
Links to other Websites
Alrug.com contains links to other sites. We are not responsible for the privacy practices or the content of other sites.
For questions and comments about our privacy policy please feel free to contact us.
Win A FREE RUG!
Subscribe to receive updates on new arrivals, special offers, and other discount information.
No, Thanks
"Close (esc)"