http://www.customjersey.com/pages/privacy-policy
HomePrivacy Policy
Privacy Policy
This privacy policy sets out how www.customjersey.com uses and protects any information that you give Custom Jersey when you use this website. Custom Jersey is committed to ensuring that your privacy is protected. Should we ask you to provide certain information by which you can be identified when using this website, then you can be assured that it will only be used in accordance with this privacy statement. Custom Jersey may change this policy from time to time by updating this page. You should check this page from time to time to ensure that you are happy with any changes.  WHAT WE COLLECTWe may collect the following information:namecontact information including email addressdemographic information such as postcode, preferences and interestsother information relevant to customer surveys and/or offersFor the exhaustive list of cookies we collect see the List of cookies we collect section.WHAT WE DO WITH THE INFORMATION WE GATHERWe require this information to understand your needs and provide you with a better service, and in particular for the following reasons:Internal record keeping.We may use the information to improve our products and services.We may periodically send promotional emails about new products, special offers or other information which we think you may find interesting using the email address which you have provided.From time to time, we may also use your information to contact you for market research purposes. We may contact you by email, phone, fax or mail. We may use the information to customise the website according to your interests.SECURITYWe are committed to ensuring that your information is secure. In order to prevent unauthorised access or disclosure, we have put in place suitable physical, electronic and managerial procedures to safeguard and secure the information we collect online.HOW WE USE COOKIESA cookie is a small file which asks permission to be placed on your computer's hard drive. Once you agree, the file is added and the cookie helps analyse web traffic or lets you know when you visit a particular site. Cookies allow web applications to respond to you as an individual. The web application can tailor its operations to your needs, likes and dislikes by gathering and remembering information about your preferences.We use traffic log cookies to identify which pages are being used. This helps us analyse data about web page traffic and improve our website in order to tailor it to customer needs. We only use this information for statistical analysis purposes and then the data is removed from the system.Overall, cookies help us provide you with a better website, by enabling us to monitor which pages you find useful and which you do not. A cookie in no way gives us access to your computer or any information about you, other than the data you choose to share with us. You can choose to accept or decline cookies. Most web browsers automatically accept cookies, but you can usually modify your browser setting to decline cookies if you prefer. This may prevent you from taking full advantage of the website.LINKS TO OTHER WEBSITESOur website may contain links to other websites of interest. However, once you have used these links to leave our site, you should note that we do not have any control over that other website. Therefore, we cannot be responsible for the protection and privacy of any information which you provide whilst visiting such sites and such sites are not governed by this privacy statement. You should exercise caution and look at the privacy statement applicable to the website in question.CONTROLLING YOUR PERSONAL INFORMATIONYou may choose to restrict the collection or use of your personal information in the following ways:whenever you are asked to fill in a form on the website, look for the box that you can click to indicate that you do not want the information to be used by anybody for direct marketing purposesif you have previously agreed to us using your personal information for direct marketing purposes, you may change your mind at any time by writing to or emailing us at support@customjersey.com.We will not sell, distribute or lease your personal information to third parties unless we have your permission or are required by law to do so. We may use your personal information to send you promotional information about third parties which we think you may find interesting if you tell us that you wish this to happen.You may request details of personal information which we hold about you under the Data Protection Act 1998. A small fee will be payable. If you would like a copy of the information held on you please write to 2288 Hendy Ln, San Jose, CA 95124.If you believe that any information we are holding on you is incorrect or incomplete, please write to or email us as soon as possible, at the above address. We will promptly correct any information found to be incorrect.LIST OF COOKIES WE COLLECTThe table below lists the cookies we collect and what information they store.
COOKIE nameCOOKIE DescriptionCARTThe association with your shopping cart.CATEGORY_INFOStores the category info on the page, that allows to display pages more quickly.COMPAREThe items that you have in the Compare Products list.CURRENCYYour preferred currencyCUSTOMERAn encrypted version of your customer id with the store.CUSTOMER_AUTHAn indicator if you are currently logged into the store.CUSTOMER_INFOAn encrypted version of the customer group you belong to.CUSTOMER_SEGMENT_IDSStores the Customer Segment IDEXTERNAL_NO_CACHEA flag, which indicates whether caching is disabled or not.FRONTENDYou sesssion ID on the server.GUEST-VIEWAllows guests to edit their orders.LAST_CATEGORYThe last category you visited.LAST_PRODUCTThe most recent product you have viewed.NEWMESSAGEIndicates whether a new message has been received.NO_CACHEIndicates whether it is allowed to use cache.PERSISTENT_SHOPPING_CARTA link to information about your cart and viewing history if you have asked the site.POLLThe ID of any polls you have recently voted in.POLLNInformation on what polls you have voted on.RECENTLYCOMPAREDThe items that you have recently compared.STFInformation on products you have emailed to friends.STOREThe store view or language you have selected.USER_ALLOWED_SAVE_COOKIEIndicates whether a customer allowed to use cookies.VIEWED_PRODUCT_IDSThe products that you have recently viewed.WISHLISTAn encrypted list of products added to your Wishlist.WISHLIST_CNTThe number of items in your Wishlist.
TOP
WHAT ARE YOU LOOKING FOR?
View all products
Empty result
MY BAG
SUBTOTAL
PROCEED TO CHECKOUT
VIEW SHOPPING BAG
Your shopping bag is empty.
MY ACCOUNT
SIGN UP
Sign up now!
SIGN UP
We're here to help!
Need assistance? For many quick questions you may find the answer in our FAQ page; if not, feel free to contact our team using the information below.Customer ServicesCall Us: (888) 202-3117Mon-Fri: 8:00 am - 4:00 pm (Pacific Time)Send us an emailSHIPPINGFree ground shipping within continental United States on select brands with a qualifying minimum order. PAYMENTSAccepts the following payment methods:We accept VISA, MasterCard, Discover, American Express, PayPal, personal/company check. We don't offer credit terms and no C.O.D. We accept purchase orders (PO) from schools only. PayPal: Shop easily online without having to enter your credit card details on the website.RETURN POLICYReturns & Refunds: All returns must be made within 30 days of purchase. Custom made or decorated apparel cannot be returned. Sizing samples are non-returnable unless you follow through with a team order.
These size charts brought to you by CustomJersey.com are easy, self-explanatory and ensures that the apparel you buy will fit you perfectly. For accurate results, grab your best fitting clothes, measure them and determine your size according to the guidelines mentioned in the chart. If you have any doubts about how our products fit, don't hesitate to contact us.A4 Sizing ChartAugusta Sportswear Sizing ChartsAthletic Knit Sizing Chart. PLEASE NOTE: Waist sizing for shorts/pants with elastic waist is "relaxed" measurement. Waist will stretch an additional 3"-4"Dynamic Sizing ChartHolloway Sizing Chart
Shipping PolicyWe will usually ship any stock item within 48 hours of your order. This is only for in-stock undecorated items. Custom items or stock items that are going to be customized with lettering or numbering take approximately four to six weeks for production. Then allow 2-7 days for shipping depending on what method you choose to ship. Contact us if you have any questions about shipping times for your order.We offer free ground shipping within the continental United States on all:A4 Apparel orders over $250.00Holloway Sportswear orders over $270.00Athletic Knit orders over $450.00Undecorated Teamwork Athletic orders over $150.00Badger Sports orders over $270.00For all other manufacturers, you pay for the actual cost of freight, we never charge for handling.   We can ship by any method you prefer:UPS ground2-Day3-Day Select orNext Day Air.Our products ship from multiple locations so delivery time will vary based on the manufacturer's shipping location and where you are located.All A4 and Teamwork Athletic apparel ship from Southern California.All AK and Dynamic apparel ship from Buffalo, NY.Holloway apparel ships from Ohio.Richardson Cap ships from either Oregon or Ohio. We will ship from the closest location to you if the items are available.ORDER CANCELLATION POLICYAny order that has had artwork approved and been entered into production cannot be canceled. Any order that has been placed and you have not yet approved artwork, will incur a 10% cancellation fee.RETURNS & EXCHANGESAll returns must be made within 30 days of purchase. Custom made or decorated apparel cannot be returned. Sizing samples are non-returnable unless you follow through with a team order.You can return or exchange in-stock items as long as they are unworn and have not been decorated. A 15% restocking fee will apply to all returned merchandise which is not defective. Any garment which we deem to be defective in manufacturing will be replaced at our expense. Defective garments can only be exchanged for the exact same garment, we will not give refunds. All returns must be shipped prepaid.No return will be accepted without a return authorization (RA) number. Please contact us before returning any garment so we can give you the RA number as well as the correct address to return to. The RA number must be clearly marked on the outside of the returned package and on the shipping label. No credit or replacement will be given unless you have received an RA number. Credit for replacement merchandise that has been shipped out will not be given until we receive the returned merchandise.Check all merchandise carefully before printing. Returns WILL NOT be accepted after merchandise is printed or has been worn. No additional cost of printing or other applications will be credited.Face Masks and PPE: Due to the nature of the product, we will not accept returns or exchanges on any masks, bandanas or gaiters. All sales are final.
WISH LIST AND COMPARE
Do you want to add products to your personal account?
YES
NO
We use cookies to improve user experience, personalized content, and analyze website traffic. We may share your site usage data with our analytics partners. By clicking “Accept & Continue”, you consent to the storing cookies used for these services on your device. Please read our Terms and Conditions and Privacy Policy for full details.
Privacy Policy
Accept & Continue