http://www.welovecolors.com/information/privacy
Loading...
Privacy Policy We Love Colors is concerned with, and committed to protecting your privacy. We Love Colors assures that any personal information collected will only be used for internal use and for the benefit of providing better service to you. We Love Colors will not modify, copy, distribute, transmit, license, sell or redistribute any of your personal information. We Love Colors website (www.welovecolors.com) is owned by We Love Colors Inc. Please direct any inquiries regarding our Privacy Policy to the following address:Privacy Policy Inquiry We Love Colors, Inc. 4980 NW 165th St, A11 Miami, FL 33014-6325
Information We Collect We may collect information on what pages you access or visit (including recording your user session), the email addresses of those who have placed orders from our company, information volunteered by you, such as survey information, site or product comments and suggestions, and pictures. The information we collect is used to improve the content of our website and quality of service we provide to you. Your information is never shared with any other organizations for any purpose.
Email Address You may opt-in to receive periodic emails from us, on new products and services, sales, coupons, or promotions. We also may send infrequent updates regarding We Love Colors, or contact you via email for satisfaction survey. You may opt-out of our mailing list or any email communication by following instructions that will be included in any message we send to you. If you do not want to receive email from us in the future, please let us know by sending a request via email to info@welovecolors.com, or writing to us at the above address.
Postal Address If you supply us with your postal address online you may receive periodic mailings from us with information on new products and services, sales, coupons, or promotions. If you do not wish to receive such mailings, please let us know by writing to us at the above mailing address.
Phone Numbers Customers who supply us with their phone numbers will only receive telephone contact from us for information regarding their order. We respect your privacy and will only call if it is absolutely necessary.
Customer Testimonials We do reserve the right to publish any comment or testimonial of our products. However, when doing so the only information we would publish is the comment, customer's first name and the first initial of their last name, and their location. An example follows:
"I couldn't find the right colors tights anywhere! And my daughter's performance was in 2 weeks!! But We Love Colors.com had them and got them to me fast! Thank you!!!" For comments submitted to us, we recommend using a spell checking tool if available. We post comments unedited and as they were originally sent to us. We may remove irrelevant or personally identifiable information before posting comments.
Event / Fun Pictures We also encourage our customers to send us pictures of their events, in which they used We Love Colors clothing, such as, swim competitions, ice-skating competitions, dance performances, theater performances, etc. Or any picture with creative uses for We Love Colors clothing, such as, new way to wear, costume ideas, etc; or just a picture of you having fun with We Love Colors clothing. Photos can be emailed to (photos@welovecolors.com), or mailed to mailing address above. We enjoy the pictures you send, they help motivate us to continue to bring you great colorful clothing! Pictures you send may be posted to our Buzz content section. If we add your picture to our customer gallery we may send you a FREE Gift, or offer a discount on your next order. At your request we also may include a link to the web address of your event/personal website. Please do let us know if you would prefer us not to publish your pictures when you send it to us, and we will respect your wishes.
Cookies A “cookie” is a small text file that a website can create and send to your browser, which may then be stored on your computer. Only the website that created the cookie can read it. We may use cookies to store visitors preferences, record session information, such as items that customers add to their shopping cart. You may set your browser to notify you before you receive a cookie, giving you the chance to decide whether to accept it, and you can also set your browser to turn off cookies. However, if you do so, some areas of this site may not function properly, or you will be required to re-enter your Personal Information to use an area of this site.
Data Storage We store only that portion of the customer's account information that is essential to our business, or for as long as we are legally required to keep such information.
Privacy Policy Changes We may use customer information for new, unanticipated uses not previously disclosed in our Privacy Policy at some time in the future. If our information practices change we will post the policy changes to this web page to notify you of these changes and provide you with the ability to opt out of these new uses. If you are concerned about how your information is used, you should check back at our website periodically.
Contact Information Corrections Upon request we offer visitors the ability to have inaccuracies corrected in contact information. Consumers can have this information corrected by writing to us at the above address. For Security we always use industry-standard encryption technologies when transferring and receiving consumer data exchanged with our site. We have appropriate security measures in place in our physical facilities to protect against the loss, misuse or alteration of information that we have collected from you at our site. Please read our Security Information.
We Love Colors
Lucky Code - Copied
You may not use paste feature to share your code.
Close