https://www.idollarstore.com/cgi-bin/ccp51/cp-app.cgi?usr=51F251747&rnd=8977580&rrc=N&affl=&cip=72.182.10.230&act=&aff=&pg=privacy
Save More On Home Furniture And Accessories at Super Low Pricing Quick Shipping!!
Toll Free: 800-707-0754
No Sales Tax Fast Shipping
Search
This privacy policy has been compiled to better serve those who are concerned with how their 'Personally Identifiable Information' (PII) is being used online. PII, as described in US privacy law and information security, is information that can be used on its own or with other information to identify, contact, or locate a single person, or to identify an individual in context. Please read our privacy policy carefully to get a clear understanding of how we collect, use, protect or otherwise handle your Personally Identifiable Information in accordance with our website.What personal information do we collect from the people that visit our blog, website or app?When ordering or registering on our site, as appropriate, you may be asked to enter your or other details to help you with your experience.When do we collect information?We collect information from you when you register on our site, place an order, subscribe to a newsletter, fill out a form or enter information on our site.How do we use your information?We may use the information we collect from you when you register, make a purchase, sign up for our newsletter, respond to a survey or marketing communication, surf the website, or use certain other site features in the following ways:      • To quickly process your transactions.How do we protect your information?Our website is scanned on a regular basis for security holes and known vulnerabilities in order to make your visit to our site as safe as possible.We use regular Malware Scanning.Your personal information is contained behind secured networks and is only accessible by a limited number of persons who have special access rights to such systems, and are required to keep the information confidential. In addition, all sensitive/credit information you supply is encrypted via Secure Socket Layer (SSL) technology.We implement a variety of security measures when a user places an order enters, submits, or accesses their information to maintain the safety of your personal information.All transactions are processed through a gateway provider and are not stored or processed on our servers.Do we use 'cookies'?Yes. Cookies are small files that a site or its service provider transfers to your computer's hard drive through your Web browser (if you allow) that enables the site's or service provider's systems to recognize your browser and capture and remember certain information. For instance, we use cookies to help us remember and process the items in your shopping cart. They are also used to help us understand your preferences based on previous or current site activity, which enables us to provide you with improved services. We also use cookies to help us compile aggregate data about site traffic and site interaction so that we can offer better site experiences and tools in the future.We use cookies to:      • Help remember and process the items in the shopping cart.      • Understand and save user's preferences for future visits.You can choose to have your computer warn you each time a cookie is being sent, or you can choose to turn off all cookies. You do this through your browser settings. Since browser is a little different, look at your browser's Help Menu to learn the correct way to modify your cookies.If you turn cookies off, It won't affect the user's experience .Third-party disclosureWe do not sell, trade, or otherwise transfer to outside parties your Personally Identifiable Information.Third-party linksGoogleGoogle's advertising requirements can be summed up by Google's Advertising Principles. They are put in place to provide a positive experience for users. //support.google.com/adwordspolicy/answer/1316548?hl=en We use Google AdSense Advertising on our website.Google, as a third-party vendor, uses cookies to serve ads on our site. Google's use of the DART cookie enables it to serve ads to our users based on previous visits to our site and other sites on the Internet. Users may opt-out of the use of the DART cookie by visiting the Google Ad and Content Network privacy policy.We have implemented the following:We, along with third-party vendors such as Google use first-party cookies (such as the Google Analytics cookies) and third-party cookies (such as the DoubleClick cookie) or other third-party identifiers together to compile data regarding user interactions with ad impressions and other ad service functions as they relate to our website.Opting out:Users can set preferences for how Google advertises to you using the Google Ad Settings page. Alternatively, you can opt out by visiting the Network Advertising Initiative Opt Out page or by using the Google Analytics Opt Out Browser add on.California Online Privacy Protection ActCalOPPA is the first state law in the nation to require commercial websites and online services to post a privacy policy. The law's reach stretches well beyond California to require any person or company in the United States (and conceivably the world) that operates websites collecting Personally Identifiable Information from California consumers to post a conspicuous privacy policy on its website stating exactly the information being collected and those individuals or companies with whom it is being shared. - See more at: //consumercal.org/california-online-privacy-protection-act-caloppa/#sthash.0FdRbT51.dpufAccording to CalOPPA, we agree to the following:Users can visit our site anonymously.Once this privacy policy is created, we will add a link to it on our home page or as a minimum, on the first significant page after entering our website.Our Privacy Policy link includes the word 'Privacy' and can easily be found on the page specified above.You will be notified of any Privacy Policy changes:      • On our Privacy Policy PageCan change your personal information:      • By emailing usHow does our site handle Do Not Track signals?We honor Do Not Track signals and Do Not Track, plant cookies, or use advertising when a Do Not Track (DNT) browser mechanism is in place.Does our site allow third-party behavioral tracking?It's also important to note that we do not allow third-party behavioral trackingCOPPA (Children Online Privacy Protection Act)When it comes to the collection of personal information from children under the age of 13 years old, the Children's Online Privacy Protection Act (COPPA) puts parents in control. The Federal Trade Commission, United States' consumer protection agency, enforces the COPPA Rule, which spells out what operators of websites and online services must do to protect children's privacy and safety online.We do not specifically market to children under the age of 13 years old.Fair Information PracticesThe Fair Information Practices Principles form the backbone of privacy law in the United States and the concepts they include have played a significant role in the development of data protection laws around the globe. Understanding the Fair Information Practice Principles and how they should be implemented is critical to comply with the various privacy laws that protect personal information.In order to be in line with Fair Information Practices we will take the following responsive action, should a data breach occur:We will notify you via email      • Within 7 business daysWe also agree to the Individual Redress Principle which requires that individuals have the right to legally pursue enforceable rights against data collectors and processors who fail to adhere to the law. This principle requires not only that individuals have enforceable rights against data users, but also that individuals have recourse to courts or government agencies to investigate and/or prosecute non-compliance by data processors.CAN SPAM ActThe CAN-SPAM Act is a law that sets the rules for commercial email, establishes requirements for commercial messages, gives recipients the right to have emails stopped from being sent to them, and spells out tough penalties for violations.We collect your email address in order to:      • Send information, respond to inquiries, and/or other requests or questions      • Process orders and to send information and updates pertaining to orders.      • Send you additional information related to your product and/or serviceTo be in accordance with CANSPAM, we agree to the following:      • Not use false or misleading subjects or email addresses.      • Identify the message as an advertisement in some reasonable way.      • Include the physical address of our business or site headquarters.      • Monitor third-party email marketing services for compliance, if one is used.      • Honor opt-out/unsubscribe requests quickly.      • Allow users to unsubscribe by using the link at the bottom of each email.If at any time you would like to unsubscribe from receiving future emails, you can email us atcs@idollarstore.com and we will promptly remove you from ALL correspondence.Contacting UsIf there are any questions regarding this privacy policy, you may contact us using the information below.https://www.idollarstore.com718 east 180 th stBronx, NY 10457United Statescs@idollarstore.com800-707-0754Last Edited on 2018-06-13
We have created this privacy statement in order to demonstrate our firm commitment to privacy.
The following discloses our information gathering and dissemination practices for this web site.
We use your IP address to help diagnose problems with our server, and to administer our Web site.
Your IP address is used to help identify you and to gather broad demographic information.
Our site uses cookies to keep track of your shopping cart.
We use cookies to identify you so we can retrieve your information so you don't have to re-enter it each time you visit our site.
Our site's registration form requires users to give us contact information, like their name and email address, and unique identifiers.
We use customer contact information from the registration form to send the user information about our company.
The customer's contact information is also used to contact the visitor when necessary if they have subscribed to the mail list.
Users may opt-out of receiving future mailings by choosing to un-subscribe.
Unique identifiers are collected to verify the user's identity and for use in our record system.
This site may contain links to other sites.
We are not responsible for the privacy practices or the content of such web sites.
Our site uses an order form for customers to request information, products, and services.
We collect visitor's contact information and unique identifiers.
Contact information from the order form is used to send orders and information about our company to our customers.
The customer's contact information is also used to get in touch with the visitor when necessary.
Users may opt-out of receiving future mailings.
Unique identifiers are collected from Web site visitors to verify the user's identity and for use as account numbers in our record system.
Security
This site has security measures in place to protect the loss, misuse and alteration of the information under our control.
All data is protected using the most advanced methods available.
We do not store financial information like credit card numbers or personal information like social security numbers on this site.
Un-Subscribe
This site gives users the following options for removing their information from our database to not receive future communications or to no longer receive mail list messages.
You can send email to us by visiting the Contact Page
You can visit the Mail List Page to un-subscribe
Correct/Update
This site gives users the following options for changing and modifying
information previously provided.
You can send email to us by visiting Contact Page
All Types Of Chairs
All Types Of Beds
All Types Of Furniture Pieces
All Types Of Storage And Organizers
Area Rugs
Baby Store
Bar Chairs And Pub Sets
Bean Bags
BED AND BATH
Bedroom Furniture
Bookcases
Breakfast Table Sets
Bunk Beds
Childrens Bedroom Furniture
Childrens Foam Furnishings
Closets/Wardrobe
Coat Racks
Coffee Table
College Dorm Room Essentials
Complete High Riser Bed
Computer Desks
Curio Cabinets
Custom Made Collection
Day Beds
Dining Room And Dinette Sets
Dressers/Night Stands/Chest Of Drawers
Entertainment Center
Fireplaces
Folding Beds
Futons
Home Accessories
Home Games
Kids Store
Kitchen Accessories
Kitchen Furniture
Lighting
Living Room Furniture
Loft Bed
Made In The USA Products
Mattress
Microwave Carts
Mix And Match Hallway Furniture
Mix And Match Closet Systems
Office Furniture
Partitions And Room Dividers
Shoe Storage
Triple Bunk Bed
The Outdoors
Umbrella Stand
Unfinished Furniture
Vanity Sets
Wall Mounted Buffet & Hutch
Work Island On Wheels
ZZZ Chest - Turns Easily Into A Bed
Search
Order Tracking
Specials
Best Sellers
New Items
24 Hour Sale
Customer Accounts
Affiliate Area
Make a payment
Cancel an Order
Payment Authorization
Store Locations and Directions
What People Are Saying
Customer Feedback
Store Policies
Terms of Use
Helpful InformationManufactures CatalogCalifornia Proposition 65
Furniture News
Free StuffPrivacy Statement
Skin Design ©
2003 BrightFire New Media Designs All rights reserved.