http://www.havens.co.uk/privacy-cookies.html
Home
Privacy & Cookies
Privacy & CookiesHavens Privacy GDPR & Cookies Policy
Havens are very much aware of just how sensitive and important your personal information is to you. Below is our commitment to keeping your personal details as secure as we possibly can.
Official Registrations:
Privacy and Security PCIDSS compliant and ICO registered with data protection act 1998 Reg. Z7875593
The information we collect and how we use it:
Consumers who wish to shop with a transactional website would normally have to divulge their personal information or orders could never be fulfilled. The personal information collected and stored by Havens will be your name, address, email, telephone number, any alternative delivery address, and your Password, if provided which is encrypted. This data is retained on our secure customer service management system.
Your payment information is stored on secure independent payment gateways which are currently SagePay or PayPal.The SagePay secure payment system does not allow vendors to view your payment details in its entirety.PayPal always defaults your email address on your order to your PayPal account Confirmed email to protect both the Consumer and the Vendor.The Payment Authorisation expires 1 month after the placing of the order on Paypal and 3 months on SagePay for Debit and Credit Card Payments. (We do not take Payment until the Order is in and Ready to leave us)In addition should you give us or when we need to verify your payment details by telephone this data will only be stored on SagePay.We use Mailchimp to provide email Promotions, Discount Codes and updates. The data base is created from all Havens orders and relates only to your Name, email address and in some instances the Brand you have bought. You can unsubscribe at any time using the Unsubscribe Button on all emails.
Use of your information:We use your information to provide customer service and an enhanced consumer experience for you. We are able to use the data to create a history of your purchases so that we can highlight and advise you by email of new product, special offers and promotions that we feel might be relevant to you.
If you do not wish to receive this information then you can unsubscribe at anytime.
Cookies
Cookies are how websites gather information about consumer's internet activity. It is all statistical and non personal data. It allows Google to give us Analytics of consumer behaviour which when used correctly helps a good business enhance the whole customer experience.Most commercial websites will use cookies in one form or another, even the bodies that govern Data Protection use them.
You can adjust the settings on your computer to decline any cookies if you wish. This can easily be done by activating the reject cookies setting on your computer.
You can also clear unwanted cookies from your browser at anytime again using the privacy settings on your browser.
Storing Your Personal Data
By providing your personal data to us, you agree to us storing that information to support additional customer service to you and for using it to process your orders. We will do all we can to ensure that all reasonable measures are taken to ensure that your data is kept secure.
As with any data transfer on line we can never guarantee total securityWe retain data on all orders placed with Havens on our User and password protected Customer Service Management System so that when Customers wish to repeat or know what they have purchased historically we are able to call up that information. You have the right at anytime to request that your data be erased from our systems.
Disclosing Your Information:We will not disclose your information to a Third Party unless we are required to by Law or in an effort to reduce Fraudulent activity.
We also reserve the right, in the unlikely event, to allow a buyer of part or all our business to take over our website and all the data within it.
Third Party Links
On occasion we include links to third parties on this website. Where we provide a link it does not mean that we endorse or approve that site's policy towards visitor privacy. You should review their privacy policy before sending them any personal data.
Access to Information
In accordance with the Data Protection Act 1998 you have the right to access any information that we hold relating to you.
Contacting Us
If you require any further information or clarification on our Privacy Policy please contact
Nigel Havens nigel@havens.co.uk or Tel: 01702 606 290.