http://www.reflectiveconcepts.com/privacy-policy/
WE ARE OPEN and shipping orders out within 1-2 business days.
Some areas within the Postal Service are greater impacted by COVID19 and may require additional delivery time.
http://www.reflectiveconcepts.com/covid19/
Home
Privacy Policy
What information do we collect? We collect information from you when you register on our site (which is optional), place an order, subscribe to our newsletter, respond to a survey or fill out a form. When ordering or registering on our site, as appropriate, you may be asked to enter your: name, e-mail address, mailing address, phone number or credit card information. You may, however, visit our site anonymously.What do we use your information for? Any of the information we collect from you will be used in one of the following ways: 1.) To process transactions
Your information, whether public or private, will not be sold, exchanged, transferred, or given to any other company for any reason whatsoever, without your consent, other than for the express purpose of delivering the purchased product requested.
2.) To send periodic emails
The email address you provide for order processing, may be used to send you information and updates pertaining to your order, in addition to receiving occasional company news, updates, related product information, etc.
Note: If at any time you would like to unsubscribe from receiving future emails, we include detailed unsubscribe instructions at the bottom of each email.How do we protect your information? We implement a variety of security measures to maintain the safety of your personal information when you place an order or enter, submit, or access your personal information.
We offer the use of a secure server. All supplied sensitive/credit information is transmitted via Secure Socket Layer (SSL) technology and then encrypted into our PCI Compliant Database.  Your Credit Card number is encyrpted and not viewable. All other information such as, but not limited to-  your name, address, phone number and email address is to be only accessed by those authorized with special access rights to our systems, and are required to keep the information confidential. After a transaction, your private information (credit cards, social security numbers, financials, etc.) will not be stored on our servers.Do we use cookies? Yes (Cookies are small files that a site or its service provider transfers to your computers hard drive through your Web browser (if you allow) that enables the sites or service providers systems to recognize your browser and capture and remember certain information We use cookies to understand and save your preferences for future visits.Do we disclose any information to outside parties? We do not sell, trade, or otherwise transfer to outside parties your personally identifiable information. We may ONLY release your information when we believe release is appropriate to comply with the law, enforce our site policies, or protect ours or others rights, property, or safety. This INCLUDES Insurance Companies!  We understand some of your information may be required in order for your Insurance company to pay a claim.   To protect your privacy, we will not release any information at all to your Insurance company, unless we have your written consent to do so.  That consent must come from the email address you used to place your order.  If we are contacted by an Insurance company (or any other third party) that requests information, we will notify you via email who contacted us and will supply you [the customer] with the information they require.  It will then be up to you to communicate back to your insurace.Third party links
Occasionally, at our discretion, we may include or offer third party products or services on our website. These third party sites have separate and independent privacy policies. We therefore have no responsibility or liability for the content and activities of these linked sites. Nonetheless, we seek to protect the integrity of our site and welcome any feedback about these sites.Childrens Online Privacy Protection Act Compliance We are in compliance with the requirements of COPPA (Childrens Online Privacy Protection Act), we do not collect any information from anyone under 13 years of age. Our website, products and services are all directed to people who are at least 13 years old or older.Terms and Conditions Please also visit our Terms and Conditions section establishing the use, disclaimers, and limitations of liability governing the use of our website at our Terms of Use PageYour Consent By using our site, you consent to our Changes to our Privacy Policy If we decide to change our privacy policy, we will post those changes on this page. Contacting Us If there are any questions regarding this privacy policy you may contact us using the information below.   Use our website Contact Form: Contact Us Linkor Email us Directly: sales@reflectiveconcepts.com
Your privacy information is as important as our own and will remain protected.
×
OK
Get the latest updates on new products and upcoming sales
Email Address
Shop
Vehicle Graphics
Vinyl Sheets
T-Shirts
Application Tools
Help
FAQ
Color Chart
Shipping Info
Returns & Refunds
General Information
Company
About Us
Testimonials
Privacy Policy
Terms & Conditions
Contact Us
Lifestyle
Fan Gear
Blog
Copyright © 2020 ReflectiveConcepts.com. All Rights Reserved.
38 Columbia Ave. Bldg 2. Nassau, NY 12123 Email: sales@reflectiveconcepts.com