http://www.pureshea.com/policy.php
home · products · cart
CAREER CENTER |
AFFILIATES |
CLIENT LOGIN |
ORDER STATUS |
TRACKING
Shea SoapsPremium SoapsShea ButtersAloe LotionsNatural Hair ConditionerHair & Body OilsBody Washes
Hemp Shampoo BarsBath SaltsSugar ScrubsSoy CandlesAloe Hair MistsLip BalmsExotic Butters
Pure Shea Store Policy
Privacy policy
Once you complete and ask us to process your order, you agree to all of the terms outlined in the Pure Shea Store Order Policy (pureshea.com).
PRIVACY
We understand your Privacy concerns. We believe in the importance of protecting your privacy and your credit card information. Please take a few minutes to read the following policy so that you understand how we treat your personal information. As we continuously improve and expand our services, this policy might change. So please check it out periodically. If you have questions about our policy, please email us at orders@pureshea.com.
PROTECTION OF YOUR INFORMATION
We store the information you provide to us and the information we collect electronically in our databases. We own, maintain and operate the computer servers containing our databases. Firewalls and security gatekeepers control access to our computers. To maintain this protection, we caution you not to provide your password to anyone. We do not give your password to anyone. We recommend that, if you share your computer with other people, you close your browser window when you finish your session. Signing off will protect your information if you share a computer with someone else or use a computer in a public place like a library. When you enter your username and password, we retrieve your saved information to make processing your order fast and easy.
AVAILABILITY AND DELIVERY
PureShea.com makes a strong effort to maintain every item is in stock and available upon request. Sometimes we run short of some item(s) in stock at the time of order. We do guarantee that we will do everything we can to fill your order quickly and completely.
BACK ORDERS
We strive very hard to ensure that we maintain adequate inventory levels. However, often due to the unexpected demand for a particular item(s), we may be temporarily "out of stock." In this case, please tell us how to handle your order at orders@pureshea.com
RETURNS / EXCHANGES:
We do not accept returns or exchanges. All sales are final.
DAMAGED SHIPMENTS
Unforeseen events happen during transit. It's out of our control how carriers handle Fragile Items in our absence, but we assure you all packages are packed and equipped for rough handling during transit. Please inspect your order immediately upon receipt and contact us within 48 hours to report any damage. After 48 hours we reserve the right to reject any claims of damages. All original packing materials and boxes must be retained for inspection purposes.
What to do if you receive a damaged product
1. Send a very Clear Picture of the Damages
2. Send your order number at time of initial contact to expedite the replacement process.
3. Give 48 hours for us to file a claim with the carrier, once its approved we would send you a brand new product.
Please note USPS (for (APO/FPO ONLY) claims are a little more complicated and takes longer to process . We assure you we would take good care of your damaged product swiftly.
Please note we are not responsible for damages that occur in transit between third party shippers to your foreign location. This applies to international customers shipping through services like Aramex and virtual address, this is because we have no control how products are repackaged to your destination.
INCORRECT ADDRESS
If you provided an incorrect or incomplete address at checkout, we won't take responsibility for shipping costs. A new product can be shipped after reshipping costs have been paid for.
False claims of missing package WOULD NOT be honored. Meaning if FEDEX confirms delivery of your package but claims of not receiving package is received , Sadly, we won't give a refund.
-Fedex customer service: 1-800-463-3339
SALES TAX
Maryland residents only: 6% sales tax will be added to your order. We hate taxes, but it’s the law.
DISCOUNTS
Discounts do not apply to shipping costs.
WEB SITE SHOPPING
The Pureshea.com website is designed to give you fast service, fill your order quickly and completely. Our typical shipping turn around time is 5-7 business days from the time the order is received. Your complete satisfaction is our ultimate goal.
Our Products
Home
Wash & Cleanse
» Eczema & Acne
» Premium Shea Soaps
» Body Washes & Hand Sanitizer
» Facial Shea Soaps
» Fruity Shea Soaps
» Herbal Shea Soaps
» Earthy Shea Soaps
» Floral Shea Soaps
Moisturize & Hydrate
» Scented and Raw Shea Butter
» Whipped Shea Butter
» Shea & Aloe Lotions
» Coconut oils, Exotic Butters, Black Seed & Oils
Natural Hair & Beards
» Hair & Body Oils
» Hair Mists
Bath & Body
» Shea - Hemp Shampoo Bars
» Sugar Scrubs
» ORGANIC BATH BOMBS
» Lip Balms
Shopping cart
Shopping cart
0 Product(s) in cart
Discounts $0.00
Total $0.00
» Checkout
Your account
Login DetailsEmailPasswordRemember login on this computer?New Account*Full Name*Email*PasswordAllow Promotional Emails(We will never divulge your email to a 3rd party)
Login Status
Not logged in
» Login
Company Information
Retail Stores
Wholesale Info
Shipping Policy
Terms & Conditions
About Us
Contact Us
FAQ's
Travel Schedule
Product Information
Origins
Product Uses
Customer Product Feedback
Join Our Email List
Email Address:
Company Info
Retail Stores
About Us
Contact Us
Travel Schedule
FAQ's & Policies
Faq's
Shipping Policy
Terms & Conditions
Product Information
Origins
Product Uses
Customer Product Feedback
Copyright 1999-2020 Pure Shea Store & Savannah Essentials