https://www.theblessedseed.com/privacy-policy/
Skip to navigation
Skip to content
Country
Afghanistan
Åland Islands
Albania
Algeria
American Samoa
Andorra
Angola
Anguilla
Antarctica
Antigua and Barbuda
Argentina
Armenia
Aruba
Australia
Austria
Azerbaijan
Bahamas
Bahrain
Bangladesh
Barbados
Belarus
Belau
Belgium
Belize
Benin
Bermuda
Bhutan
Bolivia
Bonaire, Saint Eustatius and Saba
Bosnia and Herzegovina
Botswana
Bouvet Island
Brazil
British Indian Ocean Territory
Brunei
Bulgaria
Burkina Faso
Burundi
Cambodia
Cameroon
Canada
Cape Verde
Cayman Islands
Central African Republic
Chad
Chile
China
Christmas Island
Cocos (Keeling) Islands
Colombia
Comoros
Congo (Brazzaville)
Congo (Kinshasa)
Cook Islands
Costa Rica
Croatia
Cuba
Curaçao
Cyprus
Czech Republic
Denmark
Djibouti
Dominica
Dominican Republic
Ecuador
Egypt
El Salvador
Equatorial Guinea
Eritrea
Estonia
Ethiopia
Falkland Islands
Faroe Islands
Fiji
Finland
France
French Guiana
French Polynesia
French Southern Territories
Gabon
Gambia
Georgia
Germany
Ghana
Gibraltar
Greece
Greenland
Grenada
Guadeloupe
Guam
Guatemala
Guernsey
Guinea
Guinea-Bissau
Guyana
Haiti
Heard Island and McDonald Islands
Honduras
Hong Kong
Hungary
Iceland
India
Indonesia
Iran
Iraq
Ireland
Isle of Man
Israel
Italy
Ivory Coast
Jamaica
Japan
Jersey
Jordan
Kazakhstan
Kenya
Kiribati
Kuwait
Kyrgyzstan
Laos
Latvia
Lebanon
Lesotho
Liberia
Libya
Liechtenstein
Lithuania
Luxembourg
Macao
Madagascar
Malawi
Malaysia
Maldives
Mali
Malta
Marshall Islands
Martinique
Mauritania
Mauritius
Mayotte
Mexico
Micronesia
Moldova
Monaco
Mongolia
Montenegro
Montserrat
Morocco
Mozambique
Myanmar
Namibia
Nauru
Nepal
Netherlands
New Caledonia
New Zealand
Nicaragua
Niger
Nigeria
Niue
Norfolk Island
North Korea
North Macedonia
Northern Mariana Islands
Oman
Pakistan
Palestinian Territory
Panama
Papua New Guinea
Paraguay
Peru
Philippines
Pitcairn
Poland
Portugal
Puerto Rico
Reunion
Romania
Russia
Rwanda
São Tomé and Príncipe
Saint Barthélemy
Saint Helena
Saint Kitts and Nevis
Saint Lucia
Saint Martin (Dutch part)
Saint Martin (French part)
Saint Pierre and Miquelon
Saint Vincent and the Grenadines
Samoa
San Marino
Saudi Arabia
Senegal
Serbia
Seychelles
Sierra Leone
Singapore
Slovakia
Slovenia
Solomon Islands
Somalia
South Africa
South Georgia/Sandwich Islands
South Korea
South Sudan
Spain
Sri Lanka
Sudan
Suriname
Svalbard and Jan Mayen
Swaziland
Sweden
Switzerland
Syria
Taiwan
Tajikistan
Tanzania
Thailand
Timor-Leste
Togo
Tokelau
Tonga
Trinidad and Tobago
Tunisia
Turkey
Turkmenistan
Turks and Caicos Islands
Tuvalu
Uganda
Ukraine
United Kingdom (UK)
United States (US)
United States (US) Minor Outlying Islands
Uruguay
Uzbekistan
Vanuatu
Vatican
Venezuela
Vietnam
Virgin Islands (British)
Virgin Islands (US)
Wallis and Futuna
Western Sahara
Yemen
Zambia
Zimbabwe
Other countries
+44 207 267 7485
Contact us
My account
Register/Login
Search for:
Search
Home
About
About Us
Learn More
Our Process
Soap Makers Journey
FAQs
Shop
Nigella Sativa
Etymology
Testimonials
Properties Of Black Seed Oil
Dosage
Dosage & Use
Culinary Use
Blog
×
Search for:
Search
Recently added
STRONG Black Seed Oil VEGAN Capsules – 60 x 500mg
£19.99 — or subscribe and save
10%
Select options
-10%
EXTRA STRONG Black Seed Oil – 100mlRated 5.00 out of 5
£22.39 £20.10 — or subscribe and save
10%
Select options
Black Seed Balm
£15.00
Add to cart
£0.00
0
Home / Privacy Policy
The Blessed Seed understands that your privacy is important to you and that you care about how your information is used and shared online. We respect and value the privacy of everyone who visits Our Site and will only collect and use information in ways that are useful to you and in a manner consistent with your rights and Our obligations under the law.This Policy applies to Our use of any and all data collected by us in relation to your use of Our Site. Please read this Privacy Policy carefully and ensure that you understand it. Your acceptance of Our Privacy Policy is deemed to occur upon your first use of Our Site AND/OR You will be required to read and accept this Privacy Policy when signing up for an Account. If you do not accept and agree with this Privacy Policy, you must stop using Our Site immediately.
Click on one of the links below to jump to the listed section:
Definitions and Interpretation
Information We Obtain
How We Use The Information We Obtain
Automated Collection Of Data
Information Sharing
Data Transfers
Your Rights And Choices
Notice To California Residents
Other Online Services And Third-Party Features
Retention Of Personal Information
How We Protect Personal Information
Children’s Personal Information
Updates To Our Privacy Policy
How To Contact Us
Definitions and Interpretation
In this Policy the following terms shall have the following meanings:
Account : means an account required to access and/or use certain areas and features of Our Site;
Cookie : means a small text file placed on your computer or device by Our Site when you visit certain parts of Our Site and/or when you use certain features of Our Site. Details of the Cookies used by Our Site are set out in section 12, below;
Our Site : means this website, https://www.theblessedseed.com
UK and EU Cookie Law : means the relevant parts of the Privacy and Electronic Communications (EC Directive) Regulations 2003 as amended in 2004, 2011 and 2015; and
We/Us/Our : means The Blessed Seed , a company registered in Turkey under Seyfettin Goodwin whose registered address is Pasadag Mah, Ulus Cad: Yakamoz Evleri,Kent Konut Aot Blok 9, Bina No 114 Daire 2,Basiskele,Kocaeli, Izmit, Turkey and whose main trading address is Pasadag Mah, Ulus Cad: Yakamoz Evleri,Kent Konut Aot Blok 9, Bina No 114 Daire 2,Basiskele,Kocaeli, Izmit, Turkey
Information We Obtain
In connection with your use of the Services, you may provide personal information to us in various ways. The types of personal information we obtain include:
contact information (such as name, email address, shipping address, postal code, telephone number, and personal ID);
login credentials to create an account on the Services (such as email address and password);
information contained on your social media public profile, to the extent you decide to create an account on the Services using your social media account;
information you choose to submit on your personalized public profile “My Page”, including web address name, user name, photograph, links to your social media accounts and any other information you choose to submit on the “Page Description” section of your “My Page”;
user generated content related to product reviews, comments, questions and answers;
payment information, such as name, billing address, account number, and payment card details (including card number, expiration date and security code) for payments processed by us. To the extent any payments are processed by any other third parties such as PayPal or stripe, then the privacy policies of those parties shall govern such information;
payment details for any company programs that may offer customer payouts (such as affiliate programs);
order history, including information about products purchased or viewed on the Services;
details you provide through contests, sweepstakes and surveys;
social media information, such as social media handles, content and other data shared with us through third-party features that you use on our Services (such as apps, tools, payment services, widgets and plugins offered by social media services like Facebook, Google+, Instagram, LinkedIn, Pinterest, Twitter and YouTube) or posted on social media pages (such as our social media pages or other pages accessible to us);
other personal information contained in content you submit on the Services, such as through our “Contact Us” feature or other customer support tools; and
information you submit in connection with a career opportunity at The Blessed Seed, such as contact details, information in your resume and cover letter, and details about your current employment;
Country/region and language preference based on mobile device settings and/or IP;
IP address, device, operating system, and browser information that we detect.
You are not required to provide this information but, if you choose not to do so, we may not be able to offer you certain Services and related features.
How We Use The Information We Obtain
We will use the information we obtain through the Services as needed to fulfill our contractual obligation to provide you with the products and services you request, to deliver products ordered (including, but not limited to, transportation and customs clearance through related third-party service providers); and to manage career opportunities with The Blessed Seed.
We also will use the information we obtain through the Services if we have a legitimate interest to do so, including to support the following functions and activities:
establishing and managing your account;
communicating with you about your account or transactions and sending you information about features and enhancements;
processing claims in connection with our products and services, and keeping you informed about the status of your order;
managing our affiliate programs;
posting your product reviews and managing our Reviews program;
improving and customizing your experience with the Services, including providing recommendations based on your preferences;
identifying and authenticating you so you may use the Services;
marketing our products to you and providing you with promotions, including special deals, coupons, discounts and chances to win contests;
communicating with you about, and administering your participation in, contests, sweepstakes or surveys;
responding to your requests and inquiries and providing customer support;
operating, evaluating and improving our business (including developing new services; enhancing and improving our Services; managing our communications; analyzing our user base and Services; performing data analytics and market research; and performing accounting, auditing and other internal functions);
protecting against, identifying and preventing fraud and other criminal activity, claims and other liabilities;
complying with and enforcing applicable legal requirements, relevant industry standards and our policies, including this Privacy Policy and The Blessed Seed’s Terms of Use and
communicating with you about changes to our policies.
In addition, we will use your contact information to send you Health Newsletters, emails, push notifications and in-app notifications about our products, services, sales and special offers if you sign up to receive them and have not opted out.
We may combine information we obtain about you through our websites with the information obtained through our apps for the purposes described above. We also may use the information we obtain in other ways for which we provide specific notice at the time of collection or otherwise with your consent.
Automated Collection Of Data
When you use our Services or open our emails, we may obtain certain information by automated means, such as browser cookies, Flash cookies, web beacons, device identifiers, server logs and other technologies. The information we obtain in this manner may include your device IP address, domain name, identifiers associated with your devices, device and operating system type and characteristics, web browser characteristics, language preferences, clickstream data, your interactions with our Services (such as the web pages you visit, links you click and features you use), the pages that led or referred you to our Services, dates and times of access to our Services, and other information about your use of our Services. We also may receive your device’s geolocation and other information related to your location through GPS, Bluetooth, WiFi signals and other technologies for certain purposes listed above, such as to provide you with our Services. Your device may provide you with a notification when the Services attempt to collect your precise geolocation.
A “cookie” is a text file that websites send to a visitor’s computer or other Internet-connected devices to uniquely identify the visitor’s browser or to store information or settings in the browser. A “Flash cookie,” also known as a local shared object, functions like a web cookie to personalize a user’s experience on sites that use Adobe Flash Player. A “web beacon,” also known as an Internet tag, pixel tag or clear GIF, links web pages to web servers and their cookies and may be used to transmit information collected through cookies back to a web server. We and our third-party service providers may use beacons in emails to help us track response rates, identify when our emails are accessed or forwarded, and for other purposes listed above.
To the extent required by applicable law, we will obtain your consent before placing cookies or similar technologies on your computer. You can stop certain types of cookies from being downloaded on your computer by selecting the appropriate settings on your web browser. Most web browsers will tell you how to stop accepting new browser cookies, how to be notified when you receive a new browser cookie and how to disable existing cookies. You can find out how to do this for your particular browser by clicking “help” on your browser’s menu or by visiting www.allaboutcookies.org. Flash cookies typically cannot be controlled, deleted or disabled through your browser settings and instead must be managed through your Adobe Flash Player settings. To manage Flash cookies, which we may use on our website from time to time, you can go to the Adobe Flash Player Support page available here. In addition, your mobile device settings may allow you to prohibit mobile app platforms (such as Apple and Google) from sharing certain information obtained by automated means with app developers and operators such as us. Our Services are not designed to respond to “do not track” signals received from browsers. Please note that without cookies or other automated tools we use to collect this type of data, you may not be able to use all the features of our Services.
The following types of cookies are used on the Services:
Internal Cookies Essential For The Services To Function
We use first-party cookies to help enable the Services to function, including to (1) keep track of preferences you specify while you use the Services, (2) access your information when you log into the Services to provide you with customized content and (3) manage the security of the Services.
Third-Party Web Analytics Cookies
Through our Services, we may obtain personal information about your online activities over time and across third-party apps, websites, devices and other online services. On our Services, we use third-party online analytics services, such as those of Google Analytics. The service providers that administer these analytics services use automated technologies to collect data (such as email address, IP addresses, cookies and other device identifiers) to evaluate, for example, use of our Services and to diagnose technical issues. To learn more about Google Analytics, please visit www.google.com/analytics/learn/privacy.html.
You can prevent the storage of cookies by a corresponding setting of your browser software (see also paragraph 3 above). You may also prevent the collection by Google of the data generated by the cookie and related to your use of a website (including your IP address) as well as the processing of this data by Google by using the deactivation add-on available under the following link: on download and install: http://tools.google.com/dlpage/gaoptout.
Through our Services, both we and certain third parties may collect information about your online activities to provide you with advertising about products and services tailored to your individual interests. You may see our ads on other websites or mobile apps because we participate in advertising networks. Ad networks allow us to target our messaging to users considering demographic data, users’ inferred interests and browsing context. These networks track users’ online activities over time by collecting information through automated means, including through the use of browser cookies, web beacons, device identifiers, server logs, web beacons and other similar technologies. The networks use this information to show ads that may be tailored to individuals’ interests, to track users’ browsers or devices across multiple websites and apps, and to build a profile of users’ online browsing and app usage activities. The information our ad networks may collect includes data about users’ visits to websites and apps that participate in the relevant ad networks, such as the pages or ads viewed and the actions taken on the websites or apps. This data collection takes place both on our Services and on third-party websites and apps that participate in the ad networks. This process also helps us track the effectiveness of our marketing efforts.
To learn how to opt out of ad network interest-based advertising in the U.S., please visit http://optout.aboutads.info/ and http://optout.networkadvertising.org.
In the European Union, please visit www.youronlinechoices.eu.
Third-Party Cookies Intended To Improve The Interactivity Of The Services
Our Services also support certain third-party services, including social sharing buttons (such as Facebook, Google+, Instagram, Pinterest, and Twitter), Tweet lists from Twitter and videos posted on the Services from YouTube. These features use third-party cookies that are placed directly on your device by these services. The privacy practices of these third parties, including details on the information they may collect about you, are subject to the privacy notices of these parties, which we strongly suggest you review. The Blessed Seed is not responsible for these third parties’ information practices.
Payment Method: Data protection
We will not store or collect your payment card details. That information is provided directly to our third-party payment processors whose use of your personal information is governed by their Privacy Policy. These payment processors adhere to the standards set by PCI-DSS as managed by the PCI Security Standards Council, which is a joint effort of brands like Visa, Mastercard, American Express and Discover. PCI-DSS requirements help ensure the secure handling of payment information.
Paypal as a payment processor
For payment via PayPal, credit card via PayPal, direct debit via PayPal or “purchase on account” as well as payment in installments via Paypal we will transfer your payment data to Paypal (Europe) S.à r.l. et Cie, S.C.A., 22-24 Boulevard Royal, L-2449 Luxembourg (hereinafter referred to as “PayPal”). PayPal reserves the right to make credit card payments via PayPal, direct debit via PayPal or “purchase on account” via PayPal as well as installment payments via Paypal. The result of the credit check on the statistical probability of default is used by PayPal for the purpose of deciding on the provision of the respective payment method. The credit report may contain probability values (so-called score values). Insofar as score values are included in the results of the credit rating, they are based on a scientifically recognized mathematical-statistical procedure. The calculation of score values includes, among other things, address data.
For further data protection information, among other things to the used credit reference agencies, please refer to the privacy policy of PayPal: https://www.paypal.com/us/webapps/mpp/ua/privacy-full
Stripe as a payment processor
We use a third party payment processor, Stripe, for payments. We do not store credit card details and instead relies on Stripe for this.
We use a third party payment processor to process payments made to us. In connection with the processing of such payments, we do not retain any personally identifiable information or any financial information such as credit card numbers. Rather, all such information is provided directly to our third party processor, Stripe, whose use of your personal information is governed by their privacy policy, which may be viewed at https://stripe.com/us/privacy.
Information Sharing
We do not disclose personal information we obtain about you, except as described in this Privacy Policy. We will share your personal information with our (1) subsidiaries and affiliates, and (2) third-party service providers who perform services on our behalf (such as payment processing and authorization, order fulfillment, transportation, customs clearance, marketing, data analytics, customer support and fraud prevention) for the purposes described in this Privacy Policy. We do not authorize our service providers to use or disclose the information except as necessary to perform services on our behalf or0020comply with legal requirements.
We also may disclose information about you: (1) if we are required to do so by law or legal process (such as a court order or subpoena); (2) in response to requests by government agencies, such as law enforcement authorities; (3) to establish, exercise or defend our legal rights; (4) when we believe disclosure is necessary or appropriate to prevent physical or other harm or financial loss; (5) in connection with an investigation of suspected or actual illegal activity; (6) in the event we sell or transfer all or a portion of our business or assets (including in the event of a reorganization, dissolution or liquidation); or (7) otherwise with your consent.
Data Transfers
We may transfer the personal information we obtain about you to recipients (including our subsidiaries and affiliates, and third party service providers) in countries other than the country in which the information originally was collected. Those countries may not have the same data protection laws as the country in which you initially provided the information. When we transfer your information to recipients in other countries (such as the U.S.), we will protect that information as described in this Privacy Policy.
If you are located in the European Economic Area (“EEA”) or Switzerland, we will comply with applicable legal requirements regarding providing appropriate safeguards for the transfer of personal information to recipients in countries for which the European Commission has not issued an adequacy decision, such as the U.S. These safeguards may include data transfer agreements, copies of which may be obtained by contacting us as indicated in the How To Contact Us section of this Privacy Policy, or reliance on a service provider’s Privacy Shield certification.
Your Rights And Choices
We offer you certain choices in connection with the personal information we obtain about you. For example, if you have created an account with us, you can change your communication preferences by logging into your account and clicking on “Communication Preferences”. To the extent provided by applicable law, you also can object to the use of your personal information for direct marketing purposes and unsubscribe from our marketing mailing lists by following the “Unsubscribe” link in our emails or contacting us as specified in the How To Contact Us section below. We will apply your preferences going forward.
To the extent provided by applicable law, you may: (1) request access to the personal information we maintain about you; (2) request that we update, correct, amend, or erase your information; or (3) request the restriction of our use of your personal information, by contacting us as specified in the How To Contact Us section below.
If you are located in the EEA, to the extent provided by applicable law, you also may object to the use of your personal information in certain situations in which we use that information based on our legitimate interests, as described above. In addition, to the extent provided by applicable law, you may receive, in a structured, commonly used and machine-readable format, your personal information you have provided to us based on your consent or a contract to which you are party. You have the right to have this information transmitted to another company, where it is technically feasible. To exercise these rights, please contact us as specified in the How To Contact Us section below.
Depending on your location, you may have the right to file a complaint with a privacy regulator if you are not satisfied with our response.
Notice To California Residents
Subject to certain limits under California law, California residents may ask us to provide them with: (1) a list of certain categories of personal information we have disclosed to third parties for their direct marketing purposes during the immediately preceding calendar year, and (2) the identity of those third parties. To make this request, California residents may contact us as specified in the How To Contact Us section below.
Other Online Services And Third-Party Features
Our Services may provide links to other online services and websites for your convenience and information, and may include third-party features such as apps, tools, widgets and plug-ins (e.g., Facebook, Google+, Instagram, LinkedIn, Pinterest, Twitter, and YouTube). These services, websites, and third-party features may operate independently from us. The privacy practices of these third parties, including details on the information they may collect about you, are subject to the privacy statements of these parties, which we strongly suggest you review. To the extent any linked online services or third-party features are not owned or controlled by us, The Blessed Seed is not responsible for these third parties’ information practices.
Retention Of Personal Information
To the extent required by applicable law, we will retain your personal information for the duration of our relationship, plus a reasonable period to comply with the applicable statute of limitations or if otherwise required under applicable law.
How We Protect Personal Information
We maintain administrative, technical and physical safeguards designed to protect personal information we obtain through the Services against accidental, unlawful or unauthorized destruction, loss, alteration, access, disclosure or use.
Children’s Personal Information
The Services are designed for a general audience and are not directed to children under the age of 16. The Blessed Seed does not knowingly collect or solicit personal information from children under the age of 16 through the Services. If we learn that we have collected personal information from a child under the age of 16, we will promptly delete that information from our records. If you believe that a child under the age of 16 may have provided us with personal information, please contact us as specified in the How To Contact Us section of this Privacy Policy.
Updates To Our Privacy Policy
This Privacy Policy may be updated periodically and without prior notice to you to reflect changes in our personal information practices. We will indicate at the top of the Privacy Policy when it was most recently updated.
How To Contact Us
If you have any questions about this Privacy Policy, or if you would like to exercise your privacy rights, please contact us by using this form, emailing us at support@theblessedseed.com or writing to us at:
The Blessed Seed, Pasadag Mah, Ulus Cad: Yakamoz Evleri,Kent Konut Aot Blok 9, Bina No 114 Daire 2,Basiskele,Kocaeli, Izmit, Turkey
The entity responsible for the processing of your personal information in the EEA is The Blessed Seed.
Disclaimer This product is not intended to diagnose, treat, cure, or prevent any disease.
Product categories Beauty & Skincare (6)Black Seed BalmLuxury Rose, Argan & Black Seed Oil – 50mlRhassoul Clay & Black Seed Oil Face Mask – 100mlMoisturizing Face Cream – 50mlBlack Seed Oil Rhassoul Clay Facial Wash – 50mlBlack Seed Soap & Shampoo bar – 80gBlack Seed (1)Black Seeds Bag- 100g Black Seed Capsules (4)STRONG Black Seed Oil VEGAN Capsules – 60 x 500mgMILD Black Seed Oil Capsules – 60 x 500mgSTRONG Black Seed Oil Capsules – 90 x 500mgSTRONG Black Seed Oil Capsules – 60 x 500mgBlack Seed Oil (6)EXTRA STRONG Black Seed Oil – 100mlORGANIC MILD Black seed Oil – 1 LitreSTRONG Black Seed Oil – 100mlORIGINAL Black Seed Oil – 1 LitreSTRONG Black Seed Oil – 1 LitreORGANIC MILD Black Seed Oil – 100mlMILD Black Seed Oil – 1 LitreMILD Black Seed Oil – 100mlORIGINAL Black Seed Oil – 100mlGift Packs (5)Beauty & Haircare DeluxeSignature EssentialsHealth and Nutritional BoostBudget BuyPurist’s PickHoney Products (4)100% Pure Deep Forest Organic Honey – 340g (Clear honey)Black Seed BalmPropolis Tablets – 90 x 1000 mgBee Pollen Capsules – 90 x 500mgRoyal Jelly Vegetarian Capsules – 90x500mgOrganic Black Seed Honey – 340g100% Pure Deep Forest Organic Honey – 340g (Set honey)
Recent reviews
STRONG Black Seed Oil - 100ml
Rated 5 out of 5
by lash61211
Black Seed Soap & Shampoo bar - 80g
Rated 5 out of 5
by Cari Cater
RECENT POSTS
Top Five Workout Apps
Top All-Natural Makeup Brands
The Guide to Managing Anxiety
Simple Ways to Naturally Whiten Your Teeth
Say Goodbye to Bad Breath Forever
Experience The Strongest Black Seed Oil In The World –GET 10% OFF YOUR FIRST ORDER
Ready to Experience the Magic of Black Seed Oil? Enter Your Email Below and Get 10% Off Your First Order!
We use cookies to personalise content and ads, to provide social media features and to analyse our traffic. If you continue to use the website, we assume your consent. Find out more.