https://www.pickfactory.com/klarna-terms-conditions/
Home / Klarna Terms & Conditions
Klarna Services Terms
These terms apply between Klarna Bank AB (publ) (“Klarna”) and you when you use Klarna’s services and features as described in these terms (the “Services”). You sign up for the Services by accepting these terms.
DESCRIPTION OF THE SERVICES
For Klarna, shopping is not just about finding great stuff and paying for them – it is also about enjoying a great shopping experience at the store of your preference, a state of the art app, and many other things. Simply put, a smoooth user experience both before you have done your purchases and after you have done a purchase. These terms explain in more detail what this means. Please note that additional terms may apply to a specific payment method if you choose to make your payment by using one of the methods offered by Klarna.
1. Autofill and preferences
In order for you to have a smoooth and friction free shopping experience we will remember some information about you and use that information to autofill different forms with your information during your shopping. This will enable you to save time and focus on more important stuff than filling out the same information over and over again. Let us explain in more detail how this works.
Autofill of your contact information
We can help you to fill in  your contact information in two ways.
Autofill through input of limited information
While interacting with Klarna we may ask for information about you, such as name, address, telephone number, email, date of birth, or personal identification number. We will keep this information in our systems so that when you return to us or use our payment methods, you will only need to provide some of this information such as email and zip-code, or personal identification number (dependent on the country) in order for us to autofill the remaining fields with your other details.
Autofill through a Klarna cookie
An additional method we can use to autofill your information is by placing a Klarna-cookie on your device (computer, tablet, mobile phone, etc.). You may choose to store your details such as name, address, telephone number, email, date of birth, or personal identification number, and card details with Klarna. If you do so, we use the cookie to fetch those details from Klarna’s storage, and the cookie will help us to autofill them when you shop with Klarna.
By accepting these terms you give Klarna a consent to store this cookie on your device. For more information on our use of cookies see our Cookie Statement.
Disable autofill
If you don’t want to use the Autofill functionalities you can contact us and we will disable them. You can also disable them from the Klarna App or by adjusting your autofill settings during the purchase process. You can at any given time delete all cookies on your device, which deletes our cookie as well.
Autofill of other information
While interacting with Klarna you may also provide us with other information, such as for example card details. You may choose us to keep this information in our systems so that when you return to us we may autofill such information after we have identified you.
When you shop directly from the Klarna App we can also autofill your details on the site where you are shopping. This is enabled by you being logged in to the app and we know it is you that are shopping.
Preselected preferred payment methods
In order to make your shopping experience even smooother Klarna can, based on your previous purchases, pre-select the payment method that we believe to be your preferred way of paying. You may however also have access to other payment methods should you prefer to switch to another method than the one we pre-selected for you.
2. Klarna App
The Klarna App, provided to you by way of an app or a web portal is your hub for all your Klarna purchases and all other great features Klarna offers. By using the Klarna App you can pay your purchases, track your packages and many more things. Some of these features are activated by downloading the app or logging in through the web portal, while others can be activated by you after login. The exact content of features can differ between different country versions of the Klarna App. Klarna updates the Klarna App continuously with new features. To mention a few of the features we are most proud of:
Features available in all countries:
View your current and previous Klarna purchases and transactionsPay for your purchasesEasy interaction with Klarna, for example chat
Example of other features we may offer depending on country version:
View your transactions made with one of our subsidiaries Sofort GmbH, Billpay GmbH and Klarna Inc. This will only be done after you have signed up for it in the subsidiaries services. The transaction data (such as for example name, address, bank account number/IBAN, sort code/BIC, reason for payment, date and amount, order details) will then be submitted to Klarna.Order, delivery or parcel trackingEasy return handling and refundsPersonal finance overview and managementDisplay of relevant information and articles, and personalized offersUpload, display and storage of your transaction, purchases, receipts, images and other materialView your orders made via stores or entities unrelated to KlarnaCreate and share collections of goods or services of your choicePersonalized content, features and offers
As a Klarna App user you may, at your own discretion, upload, publish and share your content, such as collections, images and nickname. You acknowledge that by sharing content you make it publically available, which means that information about you becomes available to others, and may be used and shared further by other individuals.
You may only upload, publish or share content which you have the right to use for these purposes, and which do not violate law, this Agreement or third party rights. Klarna reserves the right, without obligation, to monitor, review, adjust, inactivate or remove content, without notifying you or a third party.
You are solely responsible for your upload, publication and sharing of content, and agree to indemnify and hold Klarna harmless from damages, loss or costs incurred by your upload, publication or sharing of content, including in connection to third party claims against Klarna.
3. Show historical purchases and transactions
We save information about your purchases and transactions in the Klarna App. As a part of the Services provided under these terms, Klarna enables you to see information about your purchases and transactions in the Klarna App. The Klarna App is the only place where we display your previous purchases and transactions.
If you want to learn more about how Klarna uses this information, and other information we have about you, please see our Privacy Notice.
4. Offers and benefits
Klarna may provide you with offers and benefits such as discounts, special events, pre-access to products, sales promotions, merchant offers, sampling and giveaways. What offers and benefits you receive will be based on your previous actions such as number of purchases, purchase amounts, or usage of Klarna Services.
Are there any costs for the Services?
The Services are free of charge. Please note that interest and fees may apply to the use of a specific payment method. So make sure you check the specific information for the payment method that you use.
Improvement of the Services
We constantly work to improve our Services in order for you to get an even smooother user experience. This may require changes to these terms. In this case, you will be asked to accept the new terms before you can continue to use the Services.
Privacy and your personal data
To the extent you cause our processing of information, e.g. by uploading, publishing or sharing data in the Klarna App, about you indicating political or philosophical beliefs, trade union membership, data concerning health or sex life, etc. (so-called special categories of personal data, in accordance with EU Regulation 2016/679 (the “GDPR”)), you give your explicit consent to us processing that data to perform our Services.
Please see our Privacy Notice for further details regarding our processing of your personal information and more information about your rights regarding your data. You can also find our contact details should you have any questions.
Cookies and similar tracking technologies
For parts of the Services we use cookies and similar technologies to deliver a tailored and smoooth online experience. For detailed information about how Klarna uses cookies and similar technologies, please read our Cookie Statement.
Your obligations
You shall always provide correct information and use your own and correct identity. Any use of information that does not belong to you or that you for other reasons are not authorised to use, or the use of the Services in a non-prescribed way, will be seen as a misuse. Any data relating to misuse or suspected misuse may be saved and used for future risk assessment and for the protection of involved parties. Klarna reserves the right to block the Services from further usage.
If you upload, import or share content to Klarna, like images, texts, receipts, information on goods, service or deliveries, or other content, you grant Klarna a royalty-free right to use and display the content for purposes of delivering the Services. We have the right to remove any content uploaded or shared by you if we are required by law, or believe it is offensive, inappropriate, unlawful, violating the rights of others, or otherwise objectionable. You are liable for any content uploaded or shared by you. You acknowledge and agree that if you upload, import or share content that violates, or Klarna may reasonably assume to violate, law or your agreement with Klarna, we may terminate or deactivate your use of the Klarna App.
Third party services
Some features used by you, for example parcel tracking, may include services provided by a third party. Logistic companies’ tracking functions is an example of this. When you use features which are relying on third party services you authorize Klarna to utilize those services on your behalf.
Your use of Google Maps in the Klarna App is subject to the then-current Google Maps/Google Earth Additional Terms of Service at https://maps.google.com/help/terms_maps.html and Google Privacy Policy at https://www.google.com/policies/privacy/.
To prevent abuse of the Klarna’s App via web portal, Klarna may use reCAPTCHA, making you subject to Google’s Privacy Policy and Terms.
Duration and termination of this agreement
This agreement is concluded for an indefinite period of time. It applies until it is terminated by you or us and can be terminated at any time.
Klarna
Klarna Bank AB (publ), Sveavägen 46, 111 34 Stockholm, telephone: +46 8 120 120 00, fax: +46 8 120 120 99, e-mail: service@klarna.co.uk, is a Swedish bank registered at the Swedish companies register under registration number 556737-0431. The Managing Director is Sebastian Siemiatkowski. Klarna Bank AB (publ) is authorised to provide financial services by Finansinspektionen (the Swedish Financial Supervisory Authority). Klarna’s registration with the Swedish financial supervisory authority as well as a list of countries to which Klarna’s services have been passported to can be found on Finansinspektionen’s website.
Complaints
For complaints, the information provided on www.klarna.com applies. If you have a complaint towards Klarna, you can submit your complaint through the Klarna’s website or via postal mail with the keyword “Complaint” to Klarna’s address.
If we are unable to resolve your complaint, you may refer your complaint to the Swedish National Board for Consumer Disputes (ARN). Klarna will participate in such proceedings and is obliged to do so under applicable law. More information can be found on ARN’s website: http://www.arn.se. You can submit your complaint in any official language of the European Union through the ODR-platform provided by the European Commission: https://ec.europa.eu/consumers/odr/. The complaint will then be forwarded to ARN. You may also contact ARN in Swedish by postal mail or personally: Allmänna reklamationsnämnden, Postbox 174, 101 23 Stockholm, Sweden, Visitor Address: Kungsholmstorg 5, Stockholm.
Last updated 2 April 2020.
Select your currency
NOK
Norwegian krone
EUR
Euro
Pickfactory is back, products are continuously added... Dismiss