http://www.wemoto.com/privacy_policy
Cookies:
This site uses cookies to track usage, so we can improve our marketing and design. To manage preferences please click Learn More, otherwise we will assume you're OK to continue.
(You can always change your mind, or view more details, using the link and toggle at the bottom of the page)
Accept & Close
Learn More
FIND MY BIKE
CATEGORIES
POPULAR
SEARCH
SUBMIT
OR SELECT YOUR MODEL
SELECT MAKE
Honda
Kawasaki
Suzuki
Yamaha
Accossato
Adly
Aeon
AJP
AJS
Alfer
Apache
Aprilia
Arctic Cat
Ariel
Armstrong
Aspes
Baimo
Bajaj
Baotian
Barossa
Benelli
Beta
Bimota
Blaney (Quads)
Blata
BMW
Bombardier/BRP
Borile
Branson
BSA
BSM
Buell
Bultaco
Cagiva
CAN AM
Cannondale
CCM
C.F.MOTO
Chinese Motorcycle
C H Racing
Cimatti
Coccinella
Conti
CPI
CQR
CSR
C.Z./Jawa
Daelim
Dafier
Dayang
Derbi
Dinli
Direct Bikes
Ducati
Easy Rider
ECO
Escoota
E-Ton
Excelsior
Explorer
Factory
Fantic
FB Minarelli
Francis Barnett
FYM/X-Sport
Garelli
Gas-Gas
Generic
Giantco
Gilera
Goes
GPX
GRIP
Guoben
Haizhimeng
Hanglong
Haotian
Harley Davidson
Hartford/HRD
Hero
Hero Honda
Hesketh
HM Moto
Honda
Hongdou
Horex
HRD
HuangDao
Huatian
Huoniao
Husaberg
Husqvarna
Hyosung
Indian
Italjet
IWL
James
JCM
Jialing
Jianshe
Jincheng
Jinlun
Jinlun/CKR
JMSTAR
John Deere
Jonway
Jordan
Kaisar
Kawasaki
Kawata
Keeway
Kentoya
Kinroad
K.M.(Keemotorbikes)
Kram-it (Kramer)
Kreidler
KSR-Moto
KTM
Kymco
Lambretta (Innocenti)
Laverda
Leike
LEM
Lexmoto
Lifan
Lingben
Linhai
LML
Longjia
Magni
Maico
Malaguti
Malanca
Masai
Mash
Massey-Ferguson (ATV)
Matchless
MBK
Megelli
MH/Motor Hispania
Modenas
Mondial
Motobecane
Moto Guzzi
Moto Morini
Moto Roma
Motron
MV (Agusta)
MZ - MuZ
NKT
Norton
NSU
NVT
OSSA
Petronas
Peugeot
PGO
PHB
Piaggio
Pioneer
Polaris
Polini
Praga
Puch
Pulse
Qingqi
Quadzilla
Quigqi
Quinqi
Rex
Rieju
Rovigo
Roxon
Royal Enfield
Sachs
Sanben
Scorpa
Sherco
Shineray
Siamoto
Sinnis
Skygo
Skyjet
Skyteam
SMC
Sonik
Sukida
Sunbeam
Superbyke
Suzuki
SVM (SWM)
SWM
Sym
Tamoretti
Terra Moto
TGB
Thumpstar
Tiashan
T.M.
Tomos
Triumph
Triumph (Meriden)
TVS
UM
Vectrix
Velocette
Vialli
Victory
VOR
Voxan
Wangye
WK
Wuyang
XGJAO
Xingyue
Yamaha
Yamati
Yiben
Yiying
Yiying Benzhou
Yuan
Zennco
Znen
Zongshen
Zundapp
SELECT CC
SELECT MODEL
SELECT YEAR
Battery
Bearings
Brakes
Cables
Clean
Clutch
Electrics
Exhaust
Filters
Forks
Levers
Lighting
Lubricants
Luggage
Mirrors
Tools
Transmission
Other Categories
Tyres
Simota
Pattern Parts
OEM Part Number
SUBMIT
Wemoto Privacy & Cookies Policy
Here at wemoto.com we take your privacy seriously, please read our privacy policy carefully to get a clear understanding of how we collect, use, protect or otherwise handle your Personally Identifiable Information in accordance with our website. This Policy applies to our use of any and all Data collected by us in relation to your use of our Website.
What personal information do we collect from the people that visit our website?
When ordering or registering on our site, as appropriate, you may be asked to enter your name, email address, mailing address, phone number, date of birth, or other details to help you with your experience. We may also collect notes from any conversations we may have with you regarding an order, complaint or enquiry.If you use social media to contact or interact with us, your user name or contact details may be collected in order to help us respond to you.If you visit one of our shops in person, your image may be recorded on CCTV.See our cookie policy for information on the use of cookies in your web browser. You can also amend your preferences here.
When do we collect information?
We collect information from you when you register for an account on our website, place an order whether as a guest or member, subscribe to newsletters, respond to a survey, contact us by any method of communication including on social media, or enter information on any of our websites.
How do we use your information?
We may use the information we collect from you when you register, make a purchase, sign up for our newsletter, respond to a survey or marketing communication or surf the website in the following ways:To process and fulfil an order you have made via our website.To follow up with you after correspondence (live chat, email, phone or social media inquiries)To inform you of updates regarding any active orders.To contact you in the unlikely case of any safety issue or product recall.To quickly process your transactions.To improve our website in order to better serve your requirements.With your consent, to administer a contest, promotion, survey or other site feature. To personalise your experience and to allow us to deliver the type of content and product offerings in which you are most interested.
To ask for ratings and reviews of services or product.To protect our customers, premises and assets from crime, we operate CCTV systems at our premises which record images for security. We do this on the basis of our legitimate business interests.
The legal bases on which we collect your information
Our company has lawful grounds on which to collect and process your personal data for a number of reasons. These include;To fulfil our contractual obligations – i.e. When you place an order with us for home delivery, we will collect your address and contact details and provide them to our trusted couriers, in order to deliver your purchase successfully.Please note: Your parcel will be distributed with any one of following companies dependant on it's weight and delivery location: Royal Mail, FedEx, Parcelforce, DPD, DHLCustomer consent – Under some circumstances, we can collect and process your data with your consent. (i.e. If you choose to receive our promotional emails or newsletters.)Legal compliance - We may need to collect and process your data for legal reasons. i.e. If we believe a person to be involved in fraud or any other criminal activity directly affecting Worlds End Motorcycles Ltd, their details may be passed on to law enforcement.
How do we protect your information?
Our website is scanned on a regular basis for security holes and known vulnerabilities in order to make your visit to our site as safe as possible.We use regular Malware Scanning.Your personal information is contained behind secured networks and is only accessible by a limited number of persons who have special access rights to such systems, and are required to keep the information confidential. In addition, all sensitive/credit information you supply is encrypted via Secure Socket Layer (SSL) technology.We implement a variety of security measures when a user places an order enters, submits, or accesses their information to maintain the safety of your personal information.All card transactions are processed through a gateway provider and are not stored or processed on our servers.
Cookie Policy
Cookies are small files containing text, that a site or its service provider transfers to your computer through your Web browser. They then enable the systems of the site or service provider to recognise your browser, and capture and remember certain information.
Types of Cookies we use;
First-Party Cookies
Set by us here at wemoto.com, these cannot be turned off as they are essential to the functioning of our website, and in most cases cannot identify a user personally.We use these cookies to:Help keep you attached to the shopping basket you add your parts to.Save preferences for future visits.Maintain your language and currency settings.
Third-Party Cookies
Third-party cookies are set by Google Analytics and Google Adwords, which allow us to compile aggregate data about site traffic and interactions, and to monitor the effectiveness of our advertising campaigns, in order to offer better site experiences in future and to improve our marketing. We also use Google Adwords' remarketing service to help us display relevant adverts across the Google Display Network to those who visit specific pages of our website. Any data collected is used in accordance with our own privacy policy and Google's privacy policy, and no identifiable data is passed on to Google.To change your preferences for cookies, you can use the toggle at the bottom of the page.
You can also control cookies through your browser settings. Since every browser is different, please consult your browsers documentation to learn the correct way to modify your cookies.
Third-party disclosure
In order to provide a good service to our customers, we sometimes share your personal data with trusted third parties.I.e. Delivery couriers, IT companies who may support our websites and business systems. Or, based on your consent, marketing communications companies such as MailChimp who facilitate the email distribution of our promotional newsletters and offers. We work closely with these companies and only provide the information required in order for the specific task requested of them to be carried out efficiently.We do not sell, trade, or otherwise transfer your personal data to outside parties for any reason than our legitimate interest in conducting our business, or serving our users. We may also release information when it's release is appropriate to comply with the law, enforce our site policies, or protect ours or others' rights, property or safety.However, non-personally identifiable visitor information may be provided to other parties for marketing, advertising, or other uses.
Your rights
Please see below for informations on your rights over the personal data we collect;You have the right to request access to any personal data we hold about you.You have the right to request corrections to your personal data if it is incorrect, incomplete or obsolete.You have the right to request we stop any consent-based processing of your personal data after you withdraw that consent, including email marketing.You have the right to change your mind at any time and withdraw the consent that you have given to use your data.You have the right to request that your data be removed from our database. In the event that you would like to request data removal, please be advised that for accounting purposes we are under legal obligation to keep certain information for a period of time; such as your name and address on invoices up to 6 years old. It is also in the customers benefit to allow wemoto.com to keep at least one piece of contact information in the unlikely event we wish to contact you about a product recall or potential safety issue.Invoices over 6 years old are stored in our secure archives and are deleted when the company as and when the company decides to do so.
For enquiries or requests about your personal data please email us at privacy@wemoto.com. We do not charge a fee for any of the services listed above.You can opt out of our newsletters and marketing emails at any time by:Clicking the 'unsubscribe' link in the marketing email we have sent you.Emailing us, either via our contact page or directly to privacy@wemoto.comPhoning us on +44 (0) 1273 597072
You will be notified of any changes to this policy:
On our Privacy Policy Page
You can make changes to the personal information we hold about you:
By emailing us at privacy@wemoto.comBy calling us on +44 (0)1273 597072By logging in to your account on the website
Where customers choose to opt-in to our mailing list, we agree to the following:
Not to use false or misleading subjects or email addresses.Identify the message as an advertisement in some reasonable way.Monitor third-party email marketing services for compliance.Honour opt-out/unsubscribe requests quickly.Allow users to unsubscribe by using the link at the bottom of each marketing email.
Contacting Us
If you have any questions regarding this privacy policy, you may contact us using the information below.www.wemoto.comUnit 7Southwick, West SussexBN42 4ENUnited Kingdomprivacy@wemoto.com+44 (0)1273 597072Last Edited on 2018-05-18
Wemoto News
Jobs At Wemoto
WEMOTO SERVICES
Terms
Returns Policy
Track Your Order
Information
Contact Us
ACCOUNT SERVICES
Register for an account
Login
TRADE CUSTOMERS
Login to WMD
SIGN UP FOR OUR NEWSLETTER
—
Sign up to receive all our latest offers and bike news!
Email address
SIGN UP
Copyright World's End Motorcycles 2001-2020. All rights reserved. Registered in England No: 02592280
Terms and Conditions
| Privacy Policy
| Cookie Policy:
On / Off
| Contact Us
KEEPING BIKERS ON THE ROAD SINCE 1978