https://www.bestvacuum.com/privacy-policy
Home
Privacy Policy
Privacy Policy
What information do we collect?
We collect information from you when you register on our site, place an order, subscribe to our newsletter or fill out a form. When ordering or registering on our site, as appropriate, you may be asked to enter your: name, e-mail address, mailing address, phone number or credit card information. You may, however, visit our site anonymously.
What do we use your information for?
Any of the information we collect from you may be used in one of the following ways: to personalize your experience; to improve our website; to improve customer service; to process transactions.
Your information, whether public or private, will not be sold, exchanged, transferred, or given to any other company for any reason without your consent, other than for the express purpose of delivering the purchased product or service requested.
In addition, the email address you provide for order processing, may be used to send you information and updates pertaining to your order, as well as company news, updates, related product or service information, etc. If at any time you would like to unsubscribe from receiving future emails, we include detailed unsubscribe instructions at the bottom of each email.
How do we protect your information?
All supplied sensitive/credit information is transmitted via Secure Socket Layer (SSL) technology and then encrypted into our payment gateway provider's database. It is accessible only to those authorized with special access rights to such systems, and are required to keep the information confidential.
After a transaction, your private information (credit cards, social security numbers, financials, etc.) will not be kept on file for more than 60 days.
Do we use cookies?
We use cookies to help us remember and process the items in your shopping cart, understand and save your preferences for future visits and compile aggregate data about site traffic and site interaction so that we can offer better site experiences and tools in the future. We may contract with third-party service providers to assist us in better understanding our site visitors. These service providers are not permitted to use the information collected on our behalf except to help us conduct and improve our business.
Do we disclose any information to outside parties?
We do not sell, trade, or otherwise transfer to outside parties your personally identifiable information. This does not include trusted third parties who assist us in operating our website, conducting our business or servicing you, so long as those parties agree to keep this information confidential. We may also release your information when we believe release is appropriate to comply with the law, enforce our site policies, or protect ours or others rights, property or safety. However, non-personally identifiable visitor information may be provided to other parties for marketing, advertising, or other uses.
Google Adwords and Remarketing
This site uses the features of Google Analytics and Adwords for Display Advertisers. This includes obtaining specific visitor cookie data, such as the source, medium and keyword used to visit our site. Google Analytics does not store any visitor specific data and we will not use visitor specific data in any way related to Google Analytics, Google Adwords, and Remarketing.
Remarketing enables the display of content specific advertisements to visitors to our website when they visit other websites that have implemented the Google Display Network. Visitors can opt out of Google Analytics for Display Advertisers and/or customized Google Display Network ads by visiting the Ads Preferences Manager.
California Online Privacy Protection Act Compliance
Because we value your privacy we have taken the necessary precautions to be in compliance with the California Online Privacy Protection Act. We therefore will not distribute your personal information to outside parties without your consent.
As part of the California Online Privacy Protection Act, all users of our site may make any changes to their information at any time by logging into their control panel and going to the 'My Dashboard' page.
Online Privacy Policy Only
This online privacy policy applies only to information collected through our website and not to information collected offline.
Terms and Conditions
Please also visit our Terms and Conditions section establishing the use, disclaimers, and limitations of liability governing the use of our website at http://www.bestvacuum.com/terms-conditions
Your Consent
By using our site, you consent to our privacy policy.
Changes to our Privacy Policy
If we decide to change our privacy policy, we will post those changes on this page.
Contacting Us
If there are any questions regarding this privacy policy you may contact us using the information below.
Best Vacuum & Appliances, LLC
105 Prarie Lake Road, Unit C
East Dundee, IL 60118
email:
service@bestvacuum.com
Customer Service
Shipping & Returns
Buy Worry Free
Buying Guides
How to choose - Articles
Comparison Charts
Troubleshooting & Repair
About Us & Blog
About us
Blog
Get all the latest information on Events, Salesand Offers. Sign up and save 15% off first order!*
Sign Up for Our Newsletter: Subscribe
© Best vacuum & Appliances LLC. . All Rights Reserved.