http://www.australianopals.com/privacy-policy
0
Website Privacy PolicyThe last update to our Privacy Policy was posted on JULY 25TH, 2018. This document governs the privacy policy of our Website, australianopals.com. We recognize that privacy and confidentiality are important to our clients. This page describes in detail the privacy practices that apply for all of our inbound marketing services.DEFINITIONS"Non-Personal Information" (NPI) is information that is in no way personally identifiable and that is obtained automatically when you access our Website with a web browser. "Personally Identifiable Information" (PII) is non-public information that is personally identifiable to you and obtained for us to provide you with a product or service. PII may include information such as your name, address, phone number, credit card information, and other related information that you provide to us.OUR COMMITMENT TO YOUR PRIVACYOur Privacy Policy tells you what PII we may collect from you, how we may share your PII, and how you can limit our sharing of your PII. J Thomson Jewelry is committed to the security and privacy of all our customers. We take your privacy seriously, and we will work with you to ensure that you have an enjoyable online experience. J Thomson Jewelry and our affiliates respect your privacy and recognize the need for appropriate protection and management of your PII you share with us.OTHER WEBSITESOur Website may contain links to other websites. You understand that these websites are not under our control and are not subject to our Privacy Policy. These websites will likely have their own privacy policies. We have no responsibility for these websites and provide links to these websites solely for your convenience.Our subscription based service sometimes includes hosting customers' web sites that were built using various content management systems. J Thomson Jewelry is not responsible for posting and/or enforcing our customers' privacy policies. While we are in no way responsible or liable for the collection and use of personal information by our customers from their Web sites or during application of our inbound marketing services, we will make every reasonable effort to ensure that our customers post and enforce their privacy policies.You acknowledge that your use and access of these other websites is solely at your own risk. It is your responsibility to check the privacy policies of these other websites to see how they treat your personal information.INFORMATION WE COLLECTWe collect personal information when you register to request information about our inbound marketing services, buy one or more products, schedule an event or otherwise voluntarily provide such information. This information includes the following categories:1. Personal Contact Information 2. Topics of interest 3. Industry Information 4. Company InformationGenerally, you control the amount and type of information you provide to us when using our Website. As a visitor to our Website, you can browse our Website to find out more about us. You are not required to provide us with any PII as a Visitor.We offer you choices when we ask for personal information, whenever reasonably possible. You may decline to provide PII to us in our registration forms and/or refuse cookies in your browser, although some of our features or services may not function properly as a result. We make good faith efforts to provide you access to your personal information upon request and to let you correct such data if it is inaccurate and delete it, when reasonably possible.COMPUTER INFORMATION COLLECTEDWhen you use our Website, we automatically collect certain computer information by the interaction of your mobile phone or web browser with our Website. This is the same for all devices that you may use to visit our site, including desktop computers, laptops, tablets, mobile devices, or any others. Such information is typically considered NPI. We may also collect any of the following:COOKIES DEFINITIONOur Website uses “Cookies.” A Cookie is a small piece of data stored on your computer or mobile device by your web browser. We use Cookies to identify the areas of our Website that you have visited. We also use cookies and other technologies to enhance your online experience by eliminating the need to register multiple times for registration-required content. Finally, we may use Cookies to personalize the Content that you see on our Website. Most web browsers can be set to disable the use of Cookies (see below). However, if you disable Cookies, you may not be able to access features on our Website correctly or at all. We never place PII in Cookies. You can find more information about Cookies on our website, as well as a Cookie widget on every website by High Five Media moving forward since the date of this Policy’s update.AUTOMATION INFORMATIONIn the interest of providing our visitors and customers with a secure online experience, our servers automatically record information when you visit our website, including the URL, IP address, browser type and language, and the date and time of your request. We use all of this information to analyze trends among our users to help improve our Website.GOOGLE AD AND CONTENT NETWORK PRIVACY POLICYGoogle, as a third party vendor, uses cookies to serve ads on our site. Google’s use of the DART cookie enables it to serve ads to your users based on their visit to your sites and other sites on the Internet. Users may opt out of the use of the DART cookie by visiting the Google ad and content network privacy policy at the following link: http://www.google.com/policies/technologies/adsGOOGLE ANALYTICS PRIVACY POLICYOur website uses “Google Analytics” to collect information about the use of our site. Google Analytics collects information such as how often users visit our site, what pages they visit when they do so, and what other sites they used prior to coming to our site. We use the information we get from Google Analytics to improve our site. Google Analytics collects only the IP address assigned to you on the date you visit our site, rather than your name or other identifying information. We do not combine the information collected through the use of Google Analytics with personally identifiable information. Although Google Analytics plants a permanent cookie on your web browser to identify you as a unique user the next time you visit our site, the cookie cannot be used by anyone but Google. Google’s ability to use and share information collected by Google Analytics about your visits to our site is restricted by the Google Analytics Terms of Use. http://www.google.com/analytics/terms/us.html. You can prevent Google Analytics from recognizing you on return visits to this site by disabling cookies on your browser. https://tools.google.com/dlpage/gaoptoutYOU’RE VISITING A SITE THAT USES A THIRD PARTY ANALYSIS SOFTWARE. This section of our Privacy Policy explains the details of how a Third Party Analysis Software  collects information from Your browser and device when you access the Customer Websites. For the purposes of the services that a Third Party Analysis Software
provides to Customer Websites, the Third Party Analysis Software acts as Data Processor and solely processes all personal data in accordance with the instructions received from Our Data Controllers, the owner and/or operator of the Customer Websites. This includes how the Third Party Analysis Software collects information from the End User's browser and device when an End User accesses the Customer Website.The following information may be collected related to the End User's device and browser:device's IP address (captured and stored in an anonymized format as described in the Technical Information);device screen resolution;device type (unique device identifiers), operating system, and browser type;geographic location (country only);preferred language used to display the Third Party Analysis Software Enabled Site.USER INTERACTIONSMouse events (movements, location and clicks)KeypressesLOG DATAFor a sampling of visitors, Our servers automatically record information which is collected from the Third Party Analysis Software Enabled Sites. This data includes:referring domain;pages visited;geographic location (country only);preferred language used to display the webpage;date and time when website pages were accessed;COOKIESThis Third Party Analysis Software Enabled Sites use cookies to collect non-personal information including standard internet log information and details of the End User's behavioral patterns upon visiting a Third Party Analysis Software Enabled Site. This is done to enable the  Third Party Analysis Software Enabled Site to provide You with a better experience, identify preferences, diagnose technical problems, analyze trends and generally to help Our Customers improve their website.Cookies are small data files transferred onto computers or devices by websites for record-keeping purposes and to enhance functionality on the Third Party Analysis Software Enabled Site.We may also use cookies to record login details on Your device or computer. This helps to determine whether a particular device previously visited a specific Third Party Analysis Software Enabled Site so that the login details would not have to be re-entered each time You visit that Third Party Analysis Software Enabled Site.The Third Party Analysis Software also uses cookies to determine if someone has opted out of being tracked by the Third Party Analysis Software services.Third Party Analysis Software, at all times, undertakes to ensure that by sharing Your behavioral patterns and any other information generated from You visiting the Customer Website, Your Privacy rights are respected at all times.HOTJAR PRIVACY POLICYOur website uses Hotjar to collect information about the use of our site. We use the information we get from Hotjar to improve our site. Hotjar uses cookies to process information including standard internet log information and details of the visitor’s behavioral patterns upon visiting our site. Hotjar collects information such as how often users visit our site, what pages they visit when they do so, duration of the visit, information of the device you used during your visit (device type, operating system, screen resolution, language, country you are located in, and web browser type) clicks on the page, scrolling behavior, mouse movements, the time user spends on each page. Hotjar also assists us in providing our website visitors with a better experience and service as well as in diagnosing technical problems and analyzing user trends. Most importantly, through Hotjar’s services, the functionality of our site can be improved, making them more user-friendly, more valuable, and simpler to use for the end users.You may opt-out from having Hotjar collect your information when visiting our site at any time by visiting our Opt-out page and clicking ‘Disable Hotjar’ or enabling Do Not Track (DNT) in your browser. Hotjar’s ability to use and share information collected by Hotjar about your visits to our site is restricted by the Hotjar Terms of Use. https://www.hotjar.com/legal/policies/terms-of-service You can prevent Hotjar from recognizing you on return visits to this site by disabling cookies on your browser. https://www.hotjar.com/legal/policies/cookie-informationIMACT TECH INC. PRIVACY POLICYOur website uses Impact Tech, Inc (Forensiq by Impact) machine-learning and advanced bot fingerprinting to identify and block ad fraud. This Privacy Policy informs you of the policies and practices of Impact Tech Inc. regarding the collection, use and disclosure of any information relating to you that identifies you or by which you are identifiable (“Personal Information”) through the use of our website, our services, or that you otherwise provide to us. We will not use or share your Personal Information with anyone except as described in this Privacy Policy. We use your Personal Information for providing and improving the Website and Services. By using this website, the Services, or providing Personal Information to us, you agree to our collection and use of your Personal Information in accordance with this Privacy Policy.Impact Tech Inc. may process Personal Information of visitors to our website in performance of the Services on behalf of our us. This Personal Information may consist of Internet Protocol (“IP”) addresses, and/or email addresses, although Impact Tech Inc. requests that our we encrypt email addresses prior to sending to them. Impact Tech Inc. takes security measures to protect all Personal Information, including by hashing IP addresses and further encrypting email addresses. Impact Tech Inc. does not associate Personal Information with individuals and are subject to our instructions regarding such collection and use of such Personal Information. As a vendor for us, the bases for Impact’s collection and processing of Personal Information of visitors may be through consent obtained by us and/or legitimate interests.HOW INFORMATION IS USEDWe use the information we receive from you as follows:Providing Requested Services and ProductsWe may use PII to provide the inbound marketing services you've requested, including communicating with you about technical issues, new products and services, and other information of interest to you. We may also use PII for auditing, research and analysis to operate and improve our inbound marketing technologies and services.IMPROVING OUR WEBSITEWe may use the PII you provide to us, along with any computer information we receive, to provide our Website to you as well as to make improvements to it.COMMUNICATIONS AND EMAIL ALERTSWhen we communicate with you about our Website, we will use the email address you provided when registering. We may also send you Website alerts regarding your use of our Website. Finally, we may also send you emails with promotional information about our Website or offers from us or our affiliates, unless you have opted out of receiving such information. You can change contact preferences at any time through your account. You can opt-out of promotional messages, you also opt-out of receiving Website alerts.THIRD PARTY SHARINGWe do not sell, rent, or otherwise provide your PII to third parties for marketing purposes. However, we may use your Non Personal Information for data aggregation purposes which might be sold to other parties at our discretion. Any such data aggregation would not contain any of your PII. We may provide your PII to affiliates that provide services with regards to our Website (i.e. payment processors, webhosting companies, etc.); such affiliates will only receive information necessary to provide the respective Websites and will be bound by confidentiality agreements limiting the use of such information.Legally Required Releases of Information: We may be legally required to disclose your PII, if such disclosure is (a) required by subpoena, law, or other legal process; (b) necessary to assist law enforcement officials or government enforcement agencies; (c) necessary to investigate violations of or otherwise enforce our Legal Terms; (d) necessary to protect us from legal action or claims from third parties including you and/or other Members; and/or (e) necessary to protect the legal rights, personal/real property, or personal safety of our company, our Users, employees, and affiliates.Disclosures to Successors: If our business is acquired or merges, in whole or in part, with another business that would become responsible for providing the Website to you, we retain the right to transfer your PII to the new business. The new business would retain the right to use your PII according to the terms of this Privacy Policy as well as to any changes to this Privacy Policy as instituted by the new business.INFORMATION SECURITYYour information is secured in third party databases that are password protected.CHANGING YOUR INFORMATIONYou may change your PII at any time using facilities found on our Website. If you need assistance with updating your PII or removing yourself from our mailing lists, just send us an email with your request or contact us using the Contact us information found on our Website.You may update, correct, or delete information about you at any time through the methods described above. We will retain your information for the period necessary to fulfill the purposes outlined in this privacy policy. We may retain information as required by law or for legitimate business purposes. We may also retain cached or archived copies of information about you for a certain period of time. We will respond to your access request within 30 days.OPTING OUT OF SHARING INFORMATIONYou can always opt out of future unaffiliated third-party disclosures of your information. Such opt-out will not affect disclosures otherwise permitted by law including but not limited to: (i) disclosures to affiliates, (ii) disclosures to third-party service providers who provide certain services for our business, such as credit card processing, computer system services, shipping, data management, or promotional services, (iii) disclosures to third parties as necessary to fulfill your requests, (iv) disclosures to governmental agencies or law enforcement departments or otherwise required to be made under applicable law, (v) previously completed disclosures to third parties, or (vi) disclosures to third parties in connection with subsequent contests or promotions you may choose to enter, or third-party offers you may choose to accept.We will retain your information for one year for call tracking date. If the information was gathered through form submission or pixel data, it will be stored indefinitely. Other information is retained for as long as your account is active with us or as needed. We will retain and use your information to comply with our legal obligations, resolve disputes, and enforce our agreements.Upon request, High Five Media will provide you with information about whether we hold, or process on behalf of a third party, any of your personal information that we are aware of. To request this information, just send us an email with your request or contact us using the Contact us information found on our Website.“DO NOT TRACK” SETTINGS (GOOGLE)Some web browsers have settings that enable you to request that our Website does not track your movement within our Website. Our Website does not obey such settings when transmitted to and detected by our Website. However, this does not change our compliance in any other way with our Privacy Policy. Change and turn off tracking features in your browser. You can turn off tracking features and other security settings in your browser by visiting the following links: For Internet Explorer visit: http://goo.gl/0taI7I For Mozilla Firefox visit: http://goo.gl/IKxt9l For Google Chrome visit: http://goo.gl/NQIkqE For Safari visit: http://goo.gl/7XCOzLGoogle Analytics Opt-out Browser Add-on. Google provides a free add-on to most major browsers that you can install to prevent your data from being collected and used by Google Analytics. Visit the following link to download the free Google Opt-out Add-on Tool: http://goo.gl/Ls82zvPROTECTING YOUR CHILD’S PRIVACYWe follow the Children’s Online Privacy Protection Act (COPPA). Even though our Website is not designed for use by anyone under the age of 18, we realize that a child may attempt to access our Website. We do not knowingly collect PII from a child. If you are a parent or guardian and believe your child is using our Website, please contact us. We may ask for proof of identification before we remove any information to prevent malicious removal of account information. If we discover on our own that a child is accessing our Website, we will delete the information as soon as we discover it, we will not use the information for any purpose, and we will not disclose the information to third parties. You acknowledge that we do not verify the age of our users nor do we have any liability to do so. If you are a child, please seek the permission of a parent or guardian before accessing our Website.OUR EMAIL POLICYWe comply with the federal CAN-SPAM Act. You can always opt out of receipt of further email correspondence from us or our affiliates. We will not sell, rent, or trade your email address to any unaffiliated third-party without your permission except in the sale or transfer of our business.To opt out of receiving promotional emails, you can follow the link at the bottom of our emails or contact us by sending us an email with your request or using the Contact Us information found on our Website. If you opt out, you may still receive non-promotional communications, such as those about our ongoing business relations.OUR SECURITY POLICYWe have taken steps to build our Website using sophisticated encryption and authentication tools to protect the security of your PII. When we collect your PII through our Website, we will encrypt your PII before it travels over the Internet using industry standards as establishing for conducting secure online transactions. We also use industry standard technologies such as secure routers and fire walls to make sure that your PII is safe. Unfortunately, we cannot fully guarantee secure data transmission over the Internet because of its nature.Once we receive your PII, we have industry standard security measures in place to protect against the loss or misuse of your PII, though again, we cannot fully guarantee against such loss or misuse. We strongly urge you to protect any password you may have for our Website and not share it with anyone. You should always log out of our Website when you are done using it, especially if you are sharing a computer with someone else or are using a computer in a public place.USE OF CREDIT CARDSYou may have to provide a credit card to buy products and services from our Website. We use third-party billing services and HAVE NO CONTROL over these services. We use our commercially reasonable efforts to make sure that your credit card number is kept STRICTLY CONFIDENTIAL by using only third-party billing services that use industry-standard encryption technology to protect your credit card number from unauthorized use. However, you understand and agree that we are in no way responsible for any misuse of your credit card number.LIMITATION OF LIABILITYYou assume the sole risk of transmitting your information as it relates to the use of this Website, and for any data corruptions, intentional interceptions, intrusions or unauthorized access to information, or of any delays, interruptions to or failures preventing the use this website. In no event shall J Thomson Jewelry be liable for any direct, indirect, special, consequential or monetary damages, including fees, and penalties in connection with your use of materials posted on this site or connectivity to or from this site to any other site.CHANGES TO OUR PRIVACY POLICYWe reserve the right to change this privacy policy at any time. If our company decides to change this Privacy Policy, we will post those changes on our website so our users and customers are always aware of what information we collect, use, and disclose. If at any time we decide to disclose or use your personally identifiable information in a method different from that specified at the time it was collected, we will provide advance notice by email (sent to the email on file in your account). Otherwise, we will use and disclose our users’ and customers’ personally identifiable information in agreement with the Privacy Policy that was in effect, when their information was collected. In all cases, your continued use of our website or our services and products after any change to this Privacy Policy will constitute your acceptance of such change.QUESTIONS ABOUT OUR PRIVACY POLICYIf you have any questions about our Privacy Policy, please contact us using the information found at the beginning of this policy. If you would like to access or change your personal information, withdraw your consent, or make inquiries or complaints in relation to this Policy and High Five Media’s privacy practices, you may send us an email or use the Contact Us information on our website, or using the information found at the beginning of this policy.
Make It