http://www.lonestargiftbaskets.com/privacy-policy.html
Home
Wish List (%s)
My Account
Shopping Cart
Checkout
Log In Create an account
About Lone Star Gift Baskets
Privacy Policy
Terms & Conditions
Copyright Policy
Texas Gift Baskets and Texas Themed Gifts
Gift and Gift Basket Frequently Asked Questions
Our Promise
Product Reviews and Company Recognition
Contact Us
Testimonials
Returns
Site Map
Tell a Friend
Brands
Brands
Gift Vouchers
Affiliates
Specials
Bestsellers
Latest Arrivals
Popular Gifts
All products
Order History
Newsletter
Information
About Us
Privacy Policy
Terms & Conditions
Copyright Policy
Texas Gift Baskets
Gift FAQ
Our Promise
Product Reviews
Contact Us
Testimonials
Site Map
» Privacy Policy
Privacy Policy
This privacy policy sets out how Lone Star Gift Baskets uses and
protects any information that you give Lone Star Gift Baskets when you
use this website. Lone Star Gift Baskets is committed to
ensuring that your privacy is protected. Should we ask you to provide
certain information by which you can be identified when using this
website, then you can be assured that it will only be used in accordance
with this privacy statement.Lone Star Gift Baskets may change
this policy from time to time by updating this page. You should check
this page from time to time to ensure that you are happy with any
changes. This policy was made effective from January 1, 2017.What we collectWe may collect the following information:• name and job title• contact information including email address• demographic information such as postal code, preferences and interests• other information relevant to customer surveys and/or offersWhat we do with the information we gatherWe
require this information to understand your needs and provide you with a
better service, and in particular for the following reasons:• Internal record keeping.• We may use the information to improve our products and services.•
We may periodically send promotional emails about new products, special
offers or other information which we think you may find interesting
using the email address which you have provided.• From time to time,
we may also use your information to contact you for market research
purposes. We may contact you by email, phone, fax or mail. We may use
the information to customize the website according to your interests.SecurityWe
are committed to ensuring that your information is secure. In order to
prevent unauthorized access or disclosure we have put in place suitable
physical, electronic and managerial procedures to safeguard and secure
the information we collect online.
How we use cookiesA cookie is a small file which asks
permission to be placed on your computer's hard drive. Once you agree,
the file is added and the cookie helps analyze web traffic or lets you
know when you visit a particular site. Cookies allow web applications to
respond to you as an individual. The web application can tailor its
operations to your needs, likes and dislikes by gathering and
remembering information about your preferences.We use traffic
log cookies to identify which pages are being used. This helps us
analyze data about webpage traffic and improve our website in order to
tailor it to customer needs. We only use this information for
statistical analysis purposes and then the data is removed from the
system.Overall, cookies help us provide you with a better
website, by enabling us to monitor which pages you find useful and which
you do not. A cookie in no way gives us access to your computer or any
information about you, other than the data you choose to share with us.
Lone Star Gift Baskets also sends out e-mails to individuals who
would like to know about our specials and new products. You may remove
your name from our list at any time. We do not share or sell our customer list or any customer information to anyone!