http://www.ritzcamera.com/pages/privacysecurity
Free Shipping
Best Price Guarantee
30 Day Money Back Guarantee
Order Status
Login | Register
Close
Camera
Pro Video
Lenses & Optics
Pro Audio
Camera Accessories
Specials
Lighting & Studio
Login/Register
0
Privacy & Security
Home
Privacy & Security
Privacy & Security
CookiesLegal NoticesPartner LinksPreventing Credit Card FraudPrivacySecure Shopping GuaranteeComodo
Cookies
On our site, a cookie is used as a small piece of information to provide better functionality for the user. RitzCamera.com uses two types of cookies to recognize our members (no personal information is stored in a RitzCamera.com cookie) and to help remember shopping list items. RitzCamera.com uses transient cookies to provide continuity from page to page. Within a single visit, these cookies store session information and are only used to simplify the checkout process.
RitzCamera.com may use persistent cookies to identify members coming from partner sites. These cookies DO NOT contain personal information and are only used for promotional and discounting purposes.
Back to Top
Legal Notices
The use of this site is governed by the policies, terms and conditions set forth below. Please read them carefully. Your use of this site and all C&A Marketing Inc. Sites indicates your acceptance of these terms and conditions. Your placement of an order indicates your acceptance of these terms and conditions. C&A Marketing Inc. reserves the right to make changes to this site and these terms and conditions at any time.
Risk of LossAll items purchased from C&A Marketing Inc. sites are made pursuant to a shipment contract. This means that the risk of loss and title for such items pass to you upon our delivery to the carrier. It is the responsibility of consumer to file any claims with the carrier for damaged and/or lost shipments.
Back to Top
Disclaimer and Limitation of Liability as to Products Sold
All of C&A Marketing Inc.'s products are guaranteed against defects for
30 days from the date of the invoice. Except as expressly stated herein, C&A Marketing Inc. makes no representations or warranties, either express or
implied, of any kind with respect to products sold on the C&A Marketing Inc. sites. You agree that the sole and exclusive maximum liability to C&A Marketing Inc. arising from any product sold on the C&A Marketing Inc.
sites shall be the price of the product ordered. In no event shall C&A Marketing Inc., its directors, officers, employees or other representatives be liable
for special, indirect, consequential, or punitive damages related to product
sold.
Back to Top
C&A Marketing Inc. Site AuctionsAuctions on C&A Marketing Inc. Sites are conducted with reserves. C&A Marketing Inc. is the sole arbiter as to the successful bidders and purchasers. As examples, but without limitation, C&A Marketing Inc. reserves the right to alter posted quantities and closing times, to remove from sale or re-offer for sale items that are disputed, to monitor auctions to ensure fairness and to reject or disqualify any bids that C&A Marketing Inc. determines are in violation of the terms and conditions of the auctions. C&A Marketing Inc. reserves the right to cancel an Auction that does not receive bids meeting or exceeding the Reserve Bid Amount upon closure or cancel a sale for merchandise that is posted in error, is unexpectedly out of stock, does not conform to specifications or was shipped in error.
All products are limited to supply on hand. C&A Marketing Inc. makes no guarantee of continued availability should an item be unexpectedly out of stock or backordered from our suppliers. If an item is not available your transaction will be refunded.
Due to the nature of auctions and the one-of-a-kind or clearance items, it is impossible for us to replace or exchange merchandise that is found to be DOA (defective on arrival or damaged on arrival). If an item is defective your transaction will be refunded when the product is returned. Buyers must file a claim with the carrier for damage due to shipping. No inventory will be reserved for replacements or exchanges; however, the same items may be offered again in new auctions if we receive them at a later date from suppliers.
Back to Top
Disclaimer and Limitation of Liability as to the C&A Marketing Inc. Web SitesThe C&A Marketing Inc. web sites and the materials therein are provided 'as is'. C&A Marketing Inc. makes no representations or warranties, either express or implied, of any kind with respect to the C&A Marketing Inc. sites, their operations, contents, information, or materials. C&A Marketing Inc. expressly disclaims all warranties, express or implied, of any kind with respect to the sites or their use, including but not limited to merchantability and fitness for a particular purpose. You agree that C&A Marketing Inc., its directors, officers, employees or other representatives shall not be liable for damages arising from the operation, content or use of the C&A Marketing Inc. sites. You agree that this limitation of liability is comprehensive and applies to all damages of any kind, including without limitation direct, indirect, compensatory, special, incidental, punitive and consequential damages.
Back to Top
Typographical ErrorsIn the event a product is listed at an incorrect price or with incorrect information due to typographical error or error in pricing, quantities available or product information received from our suppliers, either on a Ritz Interactive website, an affiliates website or a partner's website, C&A Marketing Inc. shall have the right to refuse or cancel any orders, including auctions, placed for product listed at the incorrect price or out-of-stock. C&A Marketing Inc. shall have the right to refuse or cancel any such orders whether or not the order has been confirmed and your credit card charged. If your credit card has already been charged for the purchase and your order is canceled, C&A Marketing Inc. shall immediately issue a credit to your credit card account in the amount of the charge.
Back to Top
Contest RulesC&A Marketing Inc. plans to give away prizes by random drawing on their Interactive Sites. Please read the official rules.
At times C&A Marketing Inc. will host or co-host contests on our site in which we ask visitors and customers for contact information (like email address) and demographic information (like zip code, age, income level, etc). Personal information may be shared with contest partners.
Back to Top
LinksThis site may contain links to other sites on the Internet that are owned and operated by third parties. You acknowledge that C&A Marketing Inc. is not responsible for the operation of or content located on or through any such linked to or third party site.
Back to Top
Order Acceptance PolicyYour receipt of an electronic or other form of order confirmation, either from a Ritz Interactive website or a third party website on behalf of Ritz Interactive, does not signify our acceptance of your order, nor does it constitute confirmation of our offer to sell. C&A Marketing Inc. reserves the right at any time after receipt of your order to accept or decline your order for any reason. C&A Marketing Inc. reserves the right at any time after receipt of your order, without prior notice to you, to supply less than the quantity you ordered of any item. All orders placed over $1,000.00 (U.S.) must obtain pre-approval with an acceptable method of payment, as established by our credit and fraud avoidance department. We may require additional verifications or information before accepting any order.
Back to Top
Service and SupportAll requests for technical service and support should be made directly to the manufacturer in accordance with their terms and conditions.
Back to Top
Jurisdiction and Venue
Any legal action brought against C&A Marketing Inc. shall be governed by the
laws of the State of New Jersey without regard to its conflict of law principles.
You agree that Bergen, New Jersey will be the sole jurisdiction and venue for
any litigation arising from your use of a C&A Marketing Inc. site.
Back to Top
Partner Links
Our site may contain links to our partners web sites. Because we are not responsible for the privacy practices of other sites, we encourage you to read the privacy policies of those sites you visit that collect personally identifiable information.
Back to Top
Preventing Credit Card Fraud
We have joined with CyberSource and other Internet merchants in an industry initiative called the "Protected Buy" program. This program protects consumers in three ways:
Allows you to identify and choose to do business with sites that adhere to the highest security standards for Internet transactions
Assures you that steps have been taken to deter the use of your payment card information at this site, and other member sites, if it should ever be lost or stolen
Assures you will be provided with clear resolution procedures in the unlikely event you are ever declined for an online purchase
To afford you continued shopping convenience and ensure the ongoing health of our business we use CyberSource Internet Fraud Screen enhanced by Visa. This service helps detect high risk transactions and prevent credit card fraud before it happens-with negligible impact on legitimate purchases. Using this service we are able to identify high risk transactions and decide in a fair and timely way whether or not to continue processing the order. This service helps to protect you from unauthorized use of your payment information at all "Protected Buy" member sites.
Back to Top
Privacy
We realize that customers are concerned about how the information they provide on-line will be used. We are committed to protecting your privacy and will use the information we collect about you to process your order and provide a more personalized shopping experience. We do not sell or rent our list of customers to anyone, without their permission.
When placing an order, we ask you to provide information on-line including your name, mailing address, e-mail address and credit card information. All information is stored on a highly secured server that is not accessible through the internet.
To continuously assess the value of our on-line shopping experience, we may
track the way customers use our site; however, this information is analyzed
only in the aggregate and not at the individual level. To this end, the information
you provide us will help us tailor our communications and product offerings
so that you receive more of what you want and less of what you don't want when
shopping with us. We do not sell or rent our list of customers to anyone, without
their permission.
You acknowledge and agree that we may sell your information to any successor
company acquiring all or substantially all of our assets.
With your permission, we may notify you from time to time of special offers and/or send you on-line information that may be of interest to you.
You may elect not to receive promotional offers from us at any time by clicking
here. Any transactional e-mail correspondence received from Ritz Camera
& Image will also include information on how to prevent receiving such mail.
If you prefer, you may write to us at:
Ritz Camera & Image
Attn: Customer Service
2 Bergen Turnpike
Ridgefield Park, NJ 07660
Back to Top
Secure Shopping Guarantee
The Secure Shopping Guarantee protects you while you shop at RitzCamera.com, so that you never have to worry about credit card safety. When shopping at RitzCamera.com online, you can shop with confidence.
When making your purchases on our secure server, you are protected by Secure Socket Layer (SSL) technology. By using SSL technology, your order information is encrypted to avoid the decoding of that information by anyone other than RitzCamera.com. This makes online buying as secure as purchasing by telephone.
We guarantee that every transaction you make at RitzCamera.com will be 100% safe. This means you pay nothing if unauthorized charges are made to your card as a result of shopping at RitzCamera.com.
In general, under federal law, you will not be liable for more than $50 of fraudulent charges. In the unlikely event that you are subject to fraudulent charges, remember to first notify your credit card provider in accordance with its reporting rules and procedures. If, for whatever reason, you are held responsible for this amount, RitzCamera.com will cover the entire liability for you, up to $50, as long as the unauthorized use of your credit card resulted through no fault of your own from purchases made from RitzCamera.com while using our secure server.
Back to Top
Comodo
Our web site is secured using a Comodo SSL Digital Certificate. Comodo is the Higher Certificate Authority. Dedicated to keeping our customers one step ahead, Comodo ensures that InstantSSL is 2048-bit ready to keep our customers safe. As a Comodo SSL customer you, our customer, do not need to worry about vulnerable 1024-bit certificates and can rely on Comodo SSL certificates to keep our website secure for years to come.
Back to Top
Shop at RITZ with confidence
Customers Loves RITZ
Outstanding ratings across review sites.
Secure Shopping
Shop with confidence knowing that your data and information is safe. We absolutely do not share nor sell your information with anyone.
Multi Payment Option
Easily complete your purchase with the payment method that is the best for you.
Secure Shopping
In house support team
Price match program
Free Shipping Site-wide
Amazing Bundles   free gifts
30 days return policy
Need help? Call our support team 855-622-RITZ
Customer Services
Contact Us
Call Us
855.622.7489
Email us
Live Chat
Our Policies
Return PolicyProduct WarrantiesShipping ProcessPrivacy PolicyTerms of Use
About Us
Ritzcamera's HistorySite Map
FEATURED PARTNERS
MeetPolaroid.comSkymall.com
FEATURED CATEGORIES
Digital CamerasPoint and Shoot CamerasDSLR CamerasBest Camera & Lenses Deals
Follow Us
NEWSLETTER SIGNUP
New Products. Promotions. photo Tips. special offers
Cancer and Reproductive Harm - www.P65Warnings.ca.govCopyright © 2002-2020, Ritz Camera, C&A Marketing Inc. All Rights Reserved.
0
Shopping Cart
0
No products in the cart.