http://www.quintessencegelnails.com/privacy_policy_uv_gel.html
Products & Systems
Lamps & Supplies
Quintessence Colors
Price List
Hyper-Cleanse
Hyper-Fuse
Hyper-Base
Hyper-Build
Hyper-Finish
LED e-Base
LED e-Build
Hyper-Sheer
French White
Natural White
Precious Pearl
Beguiling Blue
Yearning Yellow
Reckless Red
Beyond Black
UV Lamps
LED Lamps
Implements
UV-Brite
Brush Revive
Training Materials
Professional System
Deluxe System
Color System
Intro System
LED System
Overlay Directions
Back-Fill Directions
Tip Application
Sculptured Extension
French White Application
Basic Application Rules
Trouble Shooting
LED Application
Leopard
Tuxedo French
Marbleized Red & White
Valentine Nails
Blue Brushing
Gold Leaf
Lace French
Midnight Madness
4th of July
Starry Starry Nights
Mood Polish
Rhinestone Cowboy
Pretty Pedal
Mother of Pearl
Wedding French
Pink and White
Chevron
Love & Kisses
Fancy Feathers
Polka Dots
Stripes
Criss Cross
Zebra
Fish Bowl
Clouds Illussions
White Hot Flame
Storm Clouds
Star Spangled Banner
Night Fires
Tiger
Contact Information
Custom Formulations
Message Board
Testimonials
Privacy Policy
PRIVACY POLICY
Protection of Information
Quintessence Nail Care values the trust its customers place in the company.
Accordingly, Quintessence Nail Care adheres to the highest ethical standards
in gathering, using and safeguarding customer information that is entrusted
to the company.
Use and Collection of Customer Information
Quintessence Nail Care Products does not rent, sell or exchange information
about its customers. Access to information about our customers is restricted
to The Quintessence family of business. Quintessence Nail Care gathers only
the customer information that is needed to administer its business, provide
superior service and communicate offers on products and services that
Quintessence Nail Care believes will be of interest to its customers.
Quintessence limits access to customer information to those employees who
need it to carry out their business functions. Quintessence Nail Care
educates its employees about Quintessence Nail Care policies and practices
in regard to safeguarding customer information; preventing its unauthorized
access, use or disclosure; and, ensuring its proper handling.
Accuracy and Security of Customer Information
Quintessence Nail Care makes all reasonable efforts to ensure that the
customer information it maintains is accurate, timely and secure.
Quintessence Nail Care will monitor and adopt, as appropriate, new
technological developments that are designed to aid in ensuring the accuracy
and security of customer information.
Quintessence Nail Care enforces its policies in regard to gathering, access
and use of personal customer information by its employees and authorized
third parties.
Personally Identifiable Information
Quintessence Nail Care Products World Wide Web sites collect personally
identifiable information (such as name, address, telephone number, or e-mail
address) from Web site visitors only when visitors voluntarily provide such
information to Quintessence. Quintessence Web site visitors who do not want
their personally identifiable information collected online are asked not to
submit such information to Quintessence.
Quintessence Nail Care Web site visitors are informed that when they provide
Quintessence Nail Care with personally identifiable information online, that
information is kept within the Quintessence family of businesses. Visitors
are further informed that, unless specifically stated otherwise, the
personally identifiable information may be stored and used by Quintessence
Nail Care to better understand its customers' needs, to improve Quintessence
Nail Care products and services, and to contact customers regarding offers
that may be of interest to them.
Personally Identifiable Information Collected
Automatically
Quintessence Nail Care Products Web Sites may collect information from Web
site visitors that is not personally-identifiable, including the visitor's
operating system, browser, domain name, and the specific web pages on the
Quintessence Nail Care Web site that are accessed or visited. Quintessence
Nail Care only collects this information in the aggregate, and only uses it
to improve Quintessence Nail Care Web sites.
Security
Quintessence Nail Care has implemented technology and security features and
strict policy guidelines to safeguard the privacy of your individually
identifiable information from unauthorized access or improper use, and we
will continue to enhance our security procedures as new technology becomes
available.
E-mail Contents
The company will not read or disclose to third parties private e-mail
communications that are transmitted using Quintessence Nail Care services
except as required to operate the service or as otherwise authorized by law.
Account Information
Quintessence Nail Care honors requests from customers for account
information, such as name, address, or billing information, and will correct
any such information that is inaccurate. Customers may verify that
appropriate corrections have been made.
Customer Concerns
If you are a consumer with concerns about Quintessence Nail Care Products
online privacy policy or its implementation, you may contact us at
877-352-2030
Future Changes to Quintessence Nail Care Privacy
Policy
Technology on the Internet is developing at a rapid pace, and we need to
maintain our flexibility in the online arena. If we need to change our
policy in the future, we will post these changes as soon as they go into
effect.
Copyright 1998-2020 © Quintessence All rights
reserved.