https://www.qccart.net/administration/privacypolicy.php3?Referrer=copyrightlink
Shopping Cart Software
Merchant Login
Home
Shopping Cart Features
Price Guide
Compatible Services
Frequently Asked Questions
Contact Us
QCCart Online Shopping Cart Software Web Site Privacy Policy
QCCart ("QCCart",
"we", "our", "us") values your
privacy and endeavors to treat your personal information with
due care and security. Our Privacy Policy sets forth the ways in
which QCCart obtains and uses your personal information.
QCCart reserves the right, without notice, to modify or
eliminate all or a portion of this Privacy Policy at any time.
By making use of the QCCart website or any QCCart
product or service, you agree to the terms of the Privacy Policy
in its ongoing form.
QCCart may collect information directly from you in order to
provide products or services, to administer customer service
assistance, or to fulfill any legal or regulatory requirements.
QCCart may also obtain personal information as a result of
a consumer's financial transactions using the QCCart
product(s) or through a merchant that uses the QCCart
products and/or services. With respect to any information a
QCCart merchant may provide, QCCart will treat the
information in accordance with the terms and conditions of the
QCCart online Service Agreement, which may be viewed at:
http://www.qccart.net/administration/termsagreement.php3
QCCart may store the information that you provide. This
information may include, for example, your name, mailing
address, e-mail address and telephone number, as well as certain
interactive data such as the type of browser you use, the files
you request, or the domain or IP address you use to access our
website(s). If you supply us with personal data or request
information from us, we may use your information to respond to
your request. If you are a QCCart merchant you may receive
third-party email notifications and/or offers relating to
products or services in which QCCart believes you may have
an interest. You can change the preference settings in your
QCCart account at any time.
QCCart limits access to your personal information to those
QCCart employees and business clients that need the
information in order to provide our products and services to
you. If you are a QCCart merchant, we may share your
information with outside parties for such purposes as (by way of
example and not of limitation) obtaining credit reports,
performing customer verifications, and administering
underwriting and risk management functions. We will disclose
your information in response to a valid request issued by a
court, government agency or regulatory authority.
When we have a direct customer relationship with you, we will
strive to make information available to you about the general
uses of the information we collect. Generally, we publish or
link to this information on web pages at the point of sale,
through privacy notices on our websites, and by other means
specified by applicable state and federal laws.
When we obtain personal information as part of our direct
relationship with you, we will not share this information with
non-affiliated third parties, except in the following
circumstances:
In accordance with the
QCCart Privacy Policy
To facilitate and complete
merchant-initiated or authorized transactions
To comply with federal, state,
and local laws, including credit reporting laws and credit
card association rules
To investigate fraud
In the case of QCCart
merchants, to offer products and services that QCCart
believes may be of interest to you.
QCCart employs industry-standard
security measures to protect personal information collected
against unauthorized access, disclosure, alteration or
destruction. These measures may include, without limitation,
encryption, restricted internal access, physical access
security, and other technologies. QCCart continually reviews
and enhances its security systems in an ongoing effort to
provide safe and secure treatment of its data.
As part of its products and services, QCCart may create
links to third-party websites. QCCart is not responsible for
the content or privacy practices employed by third-party
websites that are linked to our website, nor does QCCart
control or warrant the utility, merchantability, or workmanship
of the products or services offered at third-party websites.
Before you supply your personal information to a third-party
website, whether or not the third party is a merchant, client,
or partner of QCCart, you should review and understand the
applicable privacy policy for that website.
The examples contained in this Privacy Policy are illustrations
only, and they are not intended to be all-inclusive. If your
QCCart account is terminated for any reason or if you become
an inactive customer, our Privacy Policy will continue to apply.
If you are a merchant using the QCCart product(s) or
service(s), this Privacy Policy applies to all accounts you may
have with us, and it replaces all our previous disclosures to
you about our information practices.
If you have any questions about the QCCart Privacy Policy,
please contact us using one of the methods available on the
"Contact Us" page of the QCCart website.
The QCCart Privacy Policy applies only to persons or companies making use of the QCCart website, QCCart's shopping cart software, product(s), and/or services(s) in the United States of America. To the extent allowed by law, the same terms and conditions hereof apply to non-U.S. parties. However, additional terms and conditions under international laws and cross-border credit card association regulations may apply.
Site map | Policies Regarding Use and Privacy
Copyright © 2000-2020 - Quick Commerce Cart - All Rights Reserved