https://www.rmwilliams.com.au/terms-of-use/Footer_termsandconditions.html?lang=en_AU
RECEIVE YOUR ORDER BY CHRISTMAS | PLACE YOUR ORDER BY DECEMBER 16
Home
Customer Service
Terms of Use
TERMS OF USE
R.M.Williams Pty Ltd ACN 007 527 166 (R.M.Williams) grants you the right to use the website at www.rmwilliams.com.au, www.rmwilliams.com or www.rmwilliams-store.co.uk are subject to the terms and conditions of use (Terms of Use) set forth below.
Please read these Terms of Use carefully. By accessing the site, you agree to be bound by the Terms and Conditions below. R.M.Williams may change these Terms of Use at any time without notice, effective upon its posting to this site. Your continuous use of the site is considered your acceptance of the revised Terms of Use. If you do not wish to be bound by these Terms and Conditions, you may not access or use this site.
Content
All content on the site, including descriptions of products, text, software, scripts, code, designs, graphics, photos, sounds, music, videos, applications, interactive features and all other content, and all intellectual property rights contained in such content, including copyright, designs, trademark,or patents, (Content) is owned by R.M.Williams (or its licensors).
R.M.Williams reserves the right to change any and all Content and other items used or contained in the Site at any time without notice.
Subject to these Terms of Use, you may view the Content and make such copies only as may be incidentally created during your exercise of the foregoing through the normal operation of a commercially available web browser and a gateway cache and proxy obtaining the Content. You may only use the Content for your own non-commercial purposes, and you are not granted any right to otherwise use any Content and all such Content will remain the exclusive property of R.M.Williams (or its licensors).
You must not otherwise modify, copy, translate, broadcast, perform, display, distribute, frame, reproduce, republish, download, display, post, transmit or sell any Content without R.M.Williams’ prior written consent.
You must not use any data mining, robots, scraping or similar data gathering methods in respect of the Site.
Except as expressly stated, nothing in these Terms of Use will be interpreted as granting any license of intellectual property rights to you.
Third party websites
The Site may contain links to websites, applications or other products or services operated by third parties (Third Party Sites). R.M.Williams does not endorse, monitor or have any control over these Third Party Sites, which have separate terms of use and privacy policies. R.M.Williams is not responsible for the content or policies of Third Party Sites and you use such Third Party Sites at your own risk.
Termination or suspension of the Site
R.M.Williams reserves the right at any time, and from time to time, to modify, restrict, suspend or terminate access to, temporarily or permanently, the Site or any part with or without notice. You agree that R.M.Williams will not be liable to you or to any third party for any such modification, restriction, suspension, or termination.
Secured Areas
Your use of any areas of the Site secured by a user name and password (Secured Areas), including purchases of products from the Site, is governed by these Terms of Use.
You are responsible for any actions that take place while using your account in a Secured Area. You agree to keep your username and password secure and not to allow anyone else to use your username or password to access a Secured Area. R.M.Williams is not responsible for any loss that results from the use of your username or password by a third party.
Privacy Policy
R.M.Williams’ Privacy Policy, which can be accessed here link, is incorporated into these Terms of Use by this provision.
Mailings
By submitting your name, e-mail address, and any other personal information to R.M.Williams, you hereby grant R.M.Williams, subject to the R.M.Williams Privacy Policy, a royalty-free license to use and disclose this information, including using and disclosing such information in connection with periodic mailings to you about R.M.Williams products, services, and news (Mailings). The terms and conditions of this Agreement apply to all such Mailings.
Product Orders
All purchase orders placed through the Site are subject to R.M.Williams’ acceptance. R.M.Williams may refuse to accept or may cancel any purchase, whether or not the purchase has been confirmed, for any or no reason, and without liability to you or anyone else. If your credit card has already been charged for an order that is later cancelled, R.M.Williams will issue you a refund.
Returns & Exchange
Should you be unhappy with your purchase for any reason, R.M.Williams will, subject to your compliance with these Terms of Use, refund or exchange the purchase within 30 days of the date of your receipt of the delivery. Exchanges on incorrectly ordered goods will incur additional freighting costs.
In order to return your purchase, please follow the simple procedure below:
Ensure the product is in its original condition and packaging and is in a resaleable condition.
Return the product, accompanied by a completed returns form (which is accessible and can be printed from here link and your receipt to:
R.M.Williams - Internet Returns
121 Frost Road
Salisbury SA 5108
Australia
ph:(61) 8 8259 1000
Please mark the package or relevant paperwork with "Returning goods to country of origin - not required" in order to reduce unnecessary charges.
R.M.Williams will refund your credit card or provide a replacement if requested. Where a replacement is requested, your credit card will be charged for the additional freighting costs and any pricing differences.
Import Duties & Taxes
International orders - don’t worry about additional charges as all prices are inclusive of customs duties and taxes.
Made to Order Boots
Please note that any ‘made to order’ 'MTO' or 'Special Order'  boots ordered from the Site that feature deviations from the footwear featured on the Site including differentiation in leathers, colours, heel height, toe shape and stitching etc will attract a surcharge of $50 - Please note that all made to order boots can take up to 8 weeks to be manufactured, exclusive of freight time.
Out of Stock Product
We will advise by email if an item is out of stock, along with the expected delivery time. Please note that your order will only be delivered in full, when all products are available.
Country Shipping Restrictions
Bespoke boots and leather accessories & made from exotic skins (Crocodile, Kangaroo & Ostrich) cannot be shipped outside of Australia, New Zealand or the United Kingdom due to import/export laws.
Currency Conversion
R.M.Williams will charge your credit card in Australian Dollars, based on today's exchange rate. Your Credit Card company does the conversion to your currency on the day they process the transaction.
Delivery Time
Orders placed on the Site usually take up to 5 working days to be delivered within Australia and 10 working days to be delivered overseas, from our factory in Salisbury, South Australia. You agree that R.M.Williams is not responsible for any deliveries that take longer than these indicative timeframes.
Freighting Charges
The product prices listed on the Site do not include freight. You will be advised of the freighting charge at the time of check out, prior to entering your payment details.
No Liability
To the extent permitted by law, R.M.Williams is not responsible or liable for your use of the Content, the Site, or the materials and products available for purchase on the Site.
To the extent permitted by law, R.M.Williams excludes all warranties (express or implied) in connection with the Site, Content or materials and products available for purchase on the Site, including implied warranties of title, merchantability, fitness for a particular purpose and non-infringement.
R.M.Williams does not warrant or represent any specific results from use of the Site, its Content, or the materials and products available for purchase on the Site.
R.M.Williams does not warrant or represent that the Site or its Content will be uninterrupted or error-free, that any defects will be corrected, or that the Site or the server that makes the Site available are free of viruses or anything else harmful.
To the extent permitted by law, R.M.Williams does not warrant or represent that the Content is complete, correct, accurate, up to date, adequate, useful or reliable.
You agree that you use the Site and download, or otherwise obtain,and use Content at your own risk, and that you will be solely responsible for any loss you suffer as a result of using the Site or Content, including any damage to your mobile device, computer system or other device in which you access the Site, or loss of data, or other harm of any kind that may result.
Limitation of Liability
Without limiting anything in this Terms of Use, under no circumstances, including breach of contract, tort or negligence, will R.M.Williams be liable for any direct, indirect, special, punitive, or consequential damages (including lost profits) that arise out of or are in connection with your access to this Site or Content, the use or inability to use this Site or any Content, or any materials or products purchased on the Site, including failure of performance, errors, inaccuracies, omissions, defects, untimeliness, interruption, deletions, delays, viruses, communication line failures, theft or destruction, unauthorised access to, alteration of, or inauthenticity.
Without limiting anything in this Terms of Use, in no event will R.M.Williams aggregate liability to you for any claims, losses, liabilities, expenses, damages and costs (including legal expenses) arising out of or in connection with the Site, Content or any materials or products purchased on the Site, your use of or inability to use the Site, Content or any materials or products purchased on the Site, or any breach of these Terms of Use, any law, intellectual property rights, or the rights of any third party, that exceed the total amounts paid by you for accessing this Site, if any.
Indemnity
You agree to indemnify R.M.Williams and its related corporations, affiliates, officers, directors, employees, agents, licensors and contractors from and against all claims, losses, liabilities, expenses, damages and costs, including legal expenses, incurred in connection with your use of the Content, the Site, or any material or products purchased on the Site, your conduct in connection with the Site or with other users, or any violation of these Terms of Use, or any law or the rights of any third party, including intellectual property rights.
General
Should any part of these Terms of Use be held invalid or unenforceable, that portion will be construed consistent with applicable law and the remaining portions will remain in full force and effect.
R.M.Williams’ failure to enforce any provision of these Terms of Use will not be considered a waiver of the right to enforce such provision.
These Terms of Use are governed by the laws in South Australia. The courts of South Australia or the Federal Court of Australia (Adelaide Registry) have non-exclusive jurisdiction in connection with these Terms of Use. You submit to the jurisdiction of those courts and any courts which have jurisdiction to hear appeals from those courts.
R.M.Williams may assign any of its rights and duties under these Terms of Use to any party at any time without notice to you.
Help
Contact Us
Payment
Delivery
Returns & Refunds
Boot Repair
FAQs
International Delivery
Company
Our History
The Hut
Careers
Legal
Terms and Conditions
Privacy Policy
Terms of Use
Accessibility
Transparency Statements
SUBSCRIBE TO OUR NEWSLETTER
Get insider info on sales, new arrivals & member only offers.
*
Email
Australia
Canada
Denmark
France
Germany
Ireland
Netherlands
New Zealand
Norway
Sweden
Switzerland
United Kingdom
United States
Cookie Policy
Privacy Policy