https://www1.photofiddle.com/index.php?act=privacy
Our Commitment To Privacy:
Your privacy is important to us. To better protect your privacy we provide this notice explaining our online information practices and the choices you can make about the way your information practices and the choices you can make about the way your information is collected and used. To make this notice easy to find, we make it available on our homepage and at every point where personally identifiable information may be requested.
The Information we collect:
This notice applies to all information collected or submitted on the Photofiddle.com website. On some pages, you can order products, make requests, and register to receive materials. The types of personal information collected at these pages are: Name Address Email address Phone number Credit/Debit Card information (etc.) On some pages, you can submit information about other people. For example, if you order a gift online and what it sent directly to the recipient, you will need to submit the recipient's address. In this circumstance, the types of personal information collected are: Name Address Phone Number (etc.)
The Way We Use Information:
We use the information you provide about yourself when placing an order only to complete that order. We do not share this information with outside parties except to the extent necessary to complete that order. We use the information you provide about someone else when placing an order to ship the product and to confirm delivery. We do not share this information with outside parties except to the extent necessary to complete that order. We use return email addresses to answer the email we receive. Such addresses may also be used by the Photofiddle.com to send future correspondence but are not shared with outside parties. You can also register on our website if you would like to receive our catalog as well as updates on our new products and services without specifically sending an estimate or information request by filling out our online registration form. With the exception of return email requests which contain pricing, estimates and general information, any promotional email we send to those who have requested information from us in the past will contain an opt-out capability which will remove your email address from our system permanently. We use non-identifying and aggregate information to better design our website and to share with advertisers. For example, we may tell an advertiser that X number of individuals visited a certain area on our website, or that Y number of men and Z number of woman filled out our registration form, but we will not disclose anything that could be used to identify those individuals. Finally, we never use or share the personally identifiable information provided to us online in ways unrelated to the ones described above without also providing you an opportunity to opt-out or otherwise prohibit such unrelated uses.
Our Commitment to Data Security:
To prevent unauthorized access, maintain data accuracy, and ensure the correct use of information, we have put in place appropriate physical, electronic, and managerial procedures to safeguard and secure information we collect online.
Our Commitment To Children's Privacy:
Protecting the privacy of the very young is especially important. For that reason we never collect or maintain at our website from those we actually know are under 13, and no part of our website is structured to attract anyone under 13.
How You Can Access Or Correct Your Information:
You can access all of you personally identifiable information that we collect online and maintain by phone, fax, or email. We use this procedure to better safeguard your information. You can correct factual errors in your personally identifiable information by sending us a request that credibly shows errors. To protect your privacy and security, we will also take reasonable steps to verify your identity before granting access or making corrections.
How To Contact Us
Should you have any other questions or concerns about these privacy policies, please call us at 212-655-9633 or send us an email
support@photofiddle.com
Home |
My Profile/Designs |
Online Designs |
Premium Designs |
Products/Pricing |
Chat |
Gift Certificates |
FAQ |
Photofiddle-Gallery |
News |
Newsletter |
Promotions |
Tutorial |
Guarantee |
Refer-a-friend |
Testimonials |
Fiddle-Me-This |
Contact Us |
Suggestions |
Terms & conditions |
Privacy Policy |
Sign Up
| Easy Mode