https://www2.windup-products.com/privacy
Shopping Cart
0 item(s) - £0.00
Your shopping cart is empty!
Welcome. Please login or create an account.
HomeWish List (0)My AccountShopping CartCheckout
Accessories
Chargers
Solar Chargers
Wind Up Chargers
Energy Saving Products
Radios
Wind Up Radios
Safety Products
Spares
Aerials
Batteries
Bulbs
Wind Up Lanterns
Wind Up Torches
Categories
Seasonal Products
Accessories
Chargers
- Solar Chargers
- Wind Up Chargers
Eco Friendly Products
Energy Saving Products
Radios
- Wind Up Radios
Safety Products
Spares
- Aerials
- Batteries
- Bulbs
Wind Up Lanterns
Wind Up Torches
Last Chance Offers
Home
» Privacy Policy
Privacy Policy
The following statement explains our policy regarding the personal information we collect about you.
Statement of intent
From time to time, you will be asked to submit personal information about yourself (e.g. name and Email address etc) in order to receive or use services on our website. Such services include newsletters, billing statements and email bulletins.
By entering your details in the fields requested, you enable windup-products.com and its service providers to provide you with the services you select. Whenever you provide such personal information, we will treat that information in accordance with this policy. Our services are designed to give you the information that you want to receive. Windup-products.com will act in accordance with current legislation and aim to meet current Internet best practice.
Information on visitors
During the course of any visit to the windup-products.com website, the pages you see, along with something called a cookie, are downloaded to your computer (see point 3 for more on this). Most, if not all, websites do this, because cookies allow the website publisher to do useful things like find out whether the computer (and probably its user) has visited the site before. This is done on a repeat visit by checking to see, and finding, the cookie left there on the last visit.
Any information that is supplied by cookies can help us to provide you with a better service and assists us to analyse the profile of our visitors. For example: if on a previous visit you went to, say, the e-commerce shop pages, then we might find this out from your cookie and highlight latest product information on a second visit.
Both the cookies and the embedded code provide non-personal statistical information about visits to pages on the site, the duration of individual page view, paths taken by visitors through the site, data on visitors' screen settings and other general information. Windup-products.com use this type of information, as with that obtained from other cookies used on the site, to help it improve the services to its users.
What is a cookie?
When you enter a site your computer will automatically be issued with a cookie. Cookies are text files that identify your computer to our server. Cookies in themselves do not identify the individual user, just the computer used. Many sites do this whenever a user visits their site in order to track traffic flows.
Cookies themselves only record those areas of the site that have been visited by the computer in question, and for how long. Users have the opportunity to set their computers to accept all cookies, to notify them when a cookie is issued, or not to receive cookies at any time. The last of these, of course, means that certain personalised services cannot then be provided to that user.
Use and storage of your personal information
When you supply any personal information to windup-products.com (e.g. when ordering products) we have legal obligations towards you in the way we deal with that data. We must collect the information fairly and tell you if we want to pass the information on to anyone else. In general, any information you provide to windup-products.com will only be used within windup-products.com. It will never be supplied to anyone outside windup-products.com without first obtaining your consent, unless we are obliged or permitted by law to disclose it. Also, if you post or send offensive or inappropriate content anywhere on or to windup-products.com and windup-products.com considers such behaviour to be serious and/or repeated, windup-products.com can use whatever information that is available to it about you to stop such behaviour. This may include informing relevant third parties such as your employer, school or e-mail provider about the content and your behaviour.
We will ensure that all personal information supplied is held securely, in accordance with GDPR.
Access to your personal information
You have the right to request a copy of the personal information windup-products.com holds about you and to have any inaccuracies corrected. (We charge £5 for information requests.) Please address requests to Ingenso Ltd, Unit 4 Herne Business Park, The Links, Herne Bay, CT6 7FE, United Kingdom.
Users 16 and under
If you are aged 16 or under, please get your parent/guardian's permission beforehand whenever you provide personal information to windup-products.com website. Users without this consent are not allowed to provide us with personal information.
Security
We are committed to ensuring that your information is secure. In order to prevent unauthorised access or disclosure, we have put in place suitable physical, electronic and managerial procedures to safeguard and secure the information we collect online.
Continue
Information
About Us
Delivery Information
Privacy Policy
Terms & Conditions
Customer Service
Contact Us
Returns
Site Map
Extras
Brands
Gift Vouchers
Specials
My Account
My Account
Order History
Wish List
Newsletter
All prices include VAT. All rights reserved.Windup-products.com © 2020