https://wyattsoutdoor.com/privacy-policy/
1-541-776-8417
management@wyattsoutdoor.com
My Account
Cart
0 Items
Privacy Policy
Introduction
Our privacy policy outlines the information we learn when you visit our site and how we use this information.
We receive two types of information when you visit our site:
information automatically collected
information you choose to provide
Information Automatically Collected
When you visit a Web site, certain personal information about you can be collected automatically. When you browse through our site, read pages, or download information, we collect certain information to measure how many visitors come to the different parts of the site so we can make the site more useful.
Example: We use browser information to help us design our site so the greatest number of people can view the pages correctly.
For every visitor, we collect and temporarily store the following information:
your computer’s Internet Protocol (IP) address, a number automatically assigned to your computer when you go on the Web.
the domain from which you access the Internet (Example: aol.com, for an America Online account)
the Web site address from which you came to our site (Example: google.com if you came by clicking an a link from a Google search
the date and time you arrived at our site and how long you spent there
the name and version of your computer’s operating system and browser Example: Windows 2000/Netscape 7.0
the pages you visited.
We use this information to help us improve our site.
“Session Cookies”
Some services on our Web site may use “session cookies.” These are:
small bits of text temporarily stored in your computer
used to aid searching and navigating the site
deleted when you close your browser.
Note: If you disable cookies in your browser, it may cause problems with searching and displaying information.
Information You Choose to Provide
We collect and store no other information about you when you visit our site unless you choose to provide it. For example:
If you send us an e-mail or submit an online form, we do not automatically receive your e-mail address. However, you will need to provide it to us if you would like an e-mail response. We will receive no other personally identifying information from your e-mail unless you provide it.
If you submit a form on our Web site, we will receive only the personal information you include in the form.
Wyatt’s Outdoor, Inc. Information Disclosure Policy
Wyatt’s Outdoor, Inc. will not disclose, give, sell, or transfer any personal information about our visitors unless it is required:
by law
for law enforcement reasons.
We will only use personal identifying information to respond to you, in which case various people may need to see the information you provide in order to provide a response to you. If enough questions or comments come in that are the same, your question (but not your name) may be added to our FAQs section.
Note: E-mail is not necessarily secure against interception. If your communication is sensitive, or if it includes personal information such as your social security number, you can send it by postal mail instead.
Links to Other Sites
Our Web site may have links to other websites. You should be aware that, if you access another site through a link we provide, you are subject to the privacy policy of that site. Wyatt’s Outdoor, Inc. is not responsible for the contents of any pages referred from our Web site.
We will be closed and not shipping product from 11/12/20 through 11/19/20.
Contact us for details. Dismiss