http://xtrememac.com/index.php/terms-conditions/
Menu
Close
Home
About
Products
White Line-Up
iMac
Macbook & iPad Pro
iPad and iPhone
Active Lifestyle
Wireless Charging
USB-C
External Batteries
Cables
Charging / Power
Hubs / Docks
Mounts / Stands
Peripherals
Car Accessories
Protection
Audio
Online Shop
Subscribe
Support
Contact
XtremeMac Terms & Conditions
Terms of UseThis website, www.xtrememac.com is operated by XtremeMac and is governed by the following terms of use. Please carefully review these Terms. Your access to and use of this Website is subject to these Terms and all applicable laws.AgreementAccess to and use of this Website and the information, materials, products and services available through this Website are subject to all applicable laws and regulations and to these Terms of Use. By accessing, browsing, and shopping at this Website, you accept, without limitation or qualification, these Terms of Use, which form a legal binding agreement. If you do not agree with any of these Terms of Use, do not use the Website.XtremeMac reserves the right to update or modify these Terms of Use at any time without prior notice. Your use of this Website following any such change constitutes your agreement to follow and be bound by the Terms as changed. For this reason, we encourage you to review these Terms whenever you use this Website.Ownership Unless otherwise indicated, this Website and its design, text, photography, video, downloads, graphics, and other matters related to this Website are protected under applicable copyrights, trademarks and other proprietary.As mentioned, all images appearing on the Website are the exclusive property of XtremeMac , and are protected under the United States and International Copyright Laws. Furthermore, the XtremeMac logo is a registered trademark of XtremeMac. All Rights Reserved.The images and content that are available to download on the Website are designated for the commercial promotion of the XtremeMac brand and its products by our re-sellers and distributors. They may not be reproduced, copied, downloaded, saved to a computer, transmitted in any form or manipulated for any other use without the written permission from XtremeMac.Use for purposes other than the promotion of XtremeMac products, including but not limited to: manipulation, reproduction, downloading, saving on any computer, and transmission in any form of any image on this Website, is a violation of the United States and International Copyright Laws.The images and content residing throughout the website are the exclusive property of XtremeMac, and the company reserves the right to review and approve the use or replacement of any images. In addition, please note that the company is not liable for any misuse of images by another party who has downloaded or distributed the images from the website. If you have any questions about the appropriate use of any images that are owned by XtremeMac, please contact the company at info@xtrememac.com.Trademarks XtremeMac trademarks are valuable assets. In following these guidelines, XtremeMac’s valuable trademark rights are protected and our corporate and brand identities are strengthened. By using the XtremeMac trademark, it is acknowledged that XtremeMac is the sole owner of the trademark and it is promised that no interference will occur with XtremeMac’s rights with the trademark, including challenging the use, registration of, or application to register such trademarks, anywhere in the world, and that no XtremeMac trademark will be harmed, misused, or brought into disrepute. Except for the limited right to use XtremeMac trademarks expressly permitted within these Terms, no other rights of any kind are granted.Trademark Guidelines When making a permissible use of XtremeMac images, content, and trademarks in accordance with these guidelines, a prominent acknowledgement that XtremeMac owns these trademarks should be included, as such: “XtremeMac – Connect | Protect | Power | Play”, product names, related marks, images and symbols are the exclusive properties and trademarks of XtremeMac.Limited Warranty InformationXtremeMac warrants their products against defects in material or manufacture for 2 years in the European Union and 1 year in Japan, from the date of original purchase. If any defect shall appear within this time it will be repaired, replaced or the purchase price will be refunded. This warranty does not apply to normal wear or damage from abnormal use, misuse, abuse, neglect or accident. XtremeMac will not be liable for any indirect, special, incidental or consequential damages. This warranty gives you specific rights and you may have other rights that vary from state to state or country to country. This warranty does not affect your other rights.
XtremeMac Cookie & Privacy Policy
1. INTRODUCTIONXtremeMac respects the privacy of our users. This Privacy Policy explains how we collect, use, disclose, and safeguard your information when you visit our website www.xtrememac.com, including any other media form, media channel or mobile website, related or connected to XtremeMac. Please read this privacy policy carefully. If you do not agree with the terms of this privacy policy, please do not access our website.We reserve the right to make changes to this Privacy Policy at any time and for any reason. We will alert you about any changes by updating the information on our Privacy Policy page. Any changes or modifications will be effective immediately upon posting the updated Privacy Policy on our website, and you waive the right to receive specific notice of each such change or modification.You are encouraged to periodically review this Privacy Policy to stay informed of updates. You will be deemed to have been made aware of, will be subject to, and will be deemed to have accepted the changes in any revised Privacy Policy by your continued use of our website after the date such revised Privacy Policy is posted.  2. COLLECTION OF YOUR INFORMATIONWe may collect information about you in a variety of ways. The information we may collect on the Site includes: 2.1. Personal DataPersonally identifiable information, such as your name, shipping address, email address, and telephone number, and demographic information, such as your age, gender, hometown, and interests, that you voluntarily give to us when you purchase products on our website or when you choose to participate in various activities related to XtremeMac such as subscription to newsletters and promotional emails. You are under no obligation to provide us with personal information of any kind.2.2. Derivative DataInformation our servers automatically collect when you access our website, such as your IP address, your browser type, your operating system, your access times, and the pages you have viewed directly before and after accessing our website.2.3. Financial DataFinancial information, such as data related to your payment method (e.g. valid credit card number, card brand, expiration date) that we may collect when you purchase, order, return, exchange, or request information about our services. We store only very limited, if any, financial information that we collect. Otherwise, all financial information is stored by our payment processor Paypal and you are encouraged to review their privacy policy and contact them directly for responses to your questions.2.4. Facebook Permissions XtremeMac may by default access your Facebook basic account information, including your name, email, gender, birthday, current city, and profile picture URL, as well as other information that you choose to make public. We may also request access to other permissions related to your account, such as friends, check-ins, and likes, and you may choose to grant or deny us access to each individual permission. For more information regarding Facebook permissions, refer to the Facebook Permissions Reference page.2.5. Data From Social NetworksUser information from social networking sites, such as Facebook, Google+, Instagram, Twitter, including your name, your social network username, location, gender, birth date, email address, profile picture, and public data for contacts, if you connect your account to such social networks.2.6. Mobile Device DataDevice information, such as your mobile device ID, model, and manufacturer, and information about the location of your device, if you access our website from a mobile device.2.7. Third-Party DataInformation from third parties, such as personal information or network friends, if you connect your account to the third party and grant XtremeMac permission to access this information.2.8. Data From Contests, Giveaways, and SurveysPersonal and other information you may provide when entering contests or giveaways and/or responding to surveys.  3. USE OF YOUR INFORMATIONHaving accurate information about you permits us to provide you with a smooth, efficient, and customized experience. Specifically, we may use information collected about you via www.xtrememac.com to:Administer sweepstakes, promotions, and contests.Assist law enforcement and respond to subpoena.Compile anonymous statistical data and analysis for use internally or with third parties.Deliver targeted advertising, coupons, newsletters, and other information regarding promotions to you.Email you regarding your order status.Enable user-to-user communications.Fulfill and manage purchases, orders, payments, and other transactions related to our website.Generate a personal profile about you to make future visits to our website more personalized.Increase the efficiency and operation of our website.Monitor and analyze usage and trends to improve your experience with our website.Notify you of updates to our website.Offer new products, services, mobile applications, and/or recommendations to you.Perform other business activities as needed.Prevent fraudulent transactions, monitor against theft, and protect against criminal activity.Process payments and refunds.Request feedback and contact you about your use of our website.Resolve disputes and troubleshoot problems.Respond to product and customer service requests.Send you a newsletter.Solicit support for our website. 4. DISCLOSURE OF YOUR INFORMATIONWe may share information we have collected about you in certain situations. Yourinformation may be disclosed as follows: 4.1. By Law or to Protect RightsIf we believe the release of information about you is necessary to respond to legal process, to investigate or remedy potential violations of our policies, or to protect the rights, property, and safety of others, we may share your information as permitted or required by any applicable law, rule, or regulation. This includes exchanging information with other entities for fraud protection and credit risk reduction.4.2. Third-Party Service ProvidersWe may share your information with third parties that perform services for us or on our behalf, including payment processing, data analysis, email delivery, hosting services, customer service, and marketing assistance. 4.3. Marketing CommunicationsWith your consent, or with an opportunity for you to withdraw consent, we may share your information with third parties for marketing purposes, as permitted by law.4.4. Third-Party AdvertisersWe may use third-party advertising companies to serve ads when you visit our website. These companies may use information about your visits to our website and other websites that are contained in web cookies in order to provide advertisements about goods and services of interest to you.4.5. AffiliatesWe may share your information with our affiliates, in which case we will require those affiliates to honor this Privacy Policy. Affiliates include our parent company and any subsidiaries, joint venture partners or other companies that we control or that are under common control with us.4.6. Business PartnersWe may share your information with our business partners to offer you certain products, services or promotions.4.7. Other Third PartiesWe may share your information with advertisers and investors for the purpose of conducting general business analysis. We may also share your information with such third parties for marketing purposes, as permitted by law.  5. TRACKING TECHNOLOGIES5.1. Cookies and Web BeaconsWe may use cookies, web beacons, tracking pixels, and other tracking technologies on our website to help customize and improve your experience. When you access our website, your personal information is not collected through the use of tracking technology. Most browsers are set to accept cookies by default. You can remove or reject cookies, but be aware that such action could affect the availability and functionality of the website. You may not decline web beacons. However, they can be rendered ineffective by declining all cookies or by modifying your web browser’s settings to notify you each time a cookie is tendered, permitting you to accept or decline cookies on an individual basis.5.2. Internet-Based AdvertisingAdditionally, we may use third-party software to serve ads on our website, implement email marketing campaigns, and manage other interactive marketing initiatives. This third-party software may use cookies or similar tracking technology to help manage and optimize your online experience with us.5.3. Website and Email AnalyticsWe may also partner with selected third-party vendors, such as Adobe Analytics, Google Analytics, and others, to allow tracking technologies and re-marketing services on our website, through the use of first party cookies and third-party cookies, to, among other things, analyze and track users’ use of our website, determine the popularity of certain content and better understand online activity. By accessing our website, you consent to the collection and use of your information by these third-party vendors. We do not transfer personal information to these third-party vendors.You should be aware that getting a new computer, installing a new browser, upgrading an existing browser, or erasing or otherwise altering your browser’s cookies files may also clear certain opt-out cookies, plug-ins, or settings. 6. THIRD-PARTY WEBSITESOur website may contain links to third-party websites and applications of interest, including advertisements and external services, that are not affiliated with us. Once you have used these links to leave the Site, any information you provide to these third parties is not covered by this Privacy Policy, and we cannot guarantee the safety and privacy of your information. Before visiting and providing any information to any third-party websites, you should inform yourself of the privacy policies and practices (if any) of the third party responsible for that website, and should take those steps necessary to, in your discretion, protect the privacy of your information. We are not responsible for the content or privacy and security practices and policies of any third parties, including other sites, services or applications that may be linked to or from our website. 7. SECURITY OF YOUR INFORMATIONWe use administrative, technical, and physical security measures to help protect your personal information. While we have taken reasonable steps to secure the personal information you provide to us, please be aware that despite our efforts, no security measures are perfect or impenetrable, and no method of data transmission can be guaranteed against any interception or other type of misuse. Any information disclosed online is vulnerable to interception and misuse by unauthorized parties. Therefore, we cannot guarantee complete security if you provide personal information. 8. POLICY FOR CHILDRENWe do not knowingly solicit information from or market to children under the age of 13. If you become aware of any data we have collected from children under age 13, please contact us using the contact information provided below. 9. OPTIONS REGARDING YOUR INFORMATION9.1. Emails and CommunicationsIf you no longer wish to receive correspondence, emails, or other communications from us, you may opt-out by:Contacting us using the Contact form on our website.Access our Subscription page and directly unsubscribe on that page.If you no longer wish to receive correspondence, emails, or other communications from third parties, you are responsible for contacting the third party directly. 10. COOKIE POLICYThis is the Cookie Policy for XtremeMac, accessible from www.xtrememac.com.10.1. What Are CookiesAs is common practice with almost all professional websites this site uses cookies, which are tiny files that are downloaded to your computer, to improve your experience. This page describes what information they gather, how we use it and why we sometimes need to store these cookies. We will also share how you can prevent these cookies from being stored however this may downgrade or ‘break’ certain elements of the sites functionality.For more general information on cookies see the Wikipedia article on HTTP Cookies.10.1. How We Use CookiesWe use cookies for a variety of reasons detailed below. Unfortunately, in most cases there are no industry standard options for disabling cookies without completely disabling the functionality and features they add to this site. It is recommended that you leave on all cookies if you are not sure whether you need them or not in case they are used to provide a service that you use.10.2. Disabling CookiesYou can prevent the setting of cookies by adjusting the settings on your browser (see your browser Help for how to do this). Be aware that disabling cookies will affect the functionality of this and many other websites that you visit. Disabling cookies will usually result in also disabling certain functionality and features of this site. Therefore, it is recommended that you do not disable cookies.10.3. The Cookies we setForms related cookies: When you submit data to through a form such as those found on contact pages or comment forms cookies may be set to remember your user details for future correspondence.Site preferences cookies: in order to provide you with a great experience on this site we provide the functionality to set your preferences for how this site runs when you use it. In order to remember your preferences, we need to set cookies so that this information can be called whenever you interact with a page is affected by your preferences.Third Party Cookies: in some special cases we also use cookies provided by trusted third parties. The following section details which third party cookies you might encounter through this site.This site uses Google Analytics which is one of the most widespread and trusted analytics solution on the web for helping us to understand how you use the site and ways that we can improve your experience. These cookies may track things such as how long you spend on the site and the pages that you visit so we can continue to produce engaging content.For more information on Google Analytics cookies, see the official Google Analytics page.Third party analytics are used to track and measure usage of this site so that we can continue to produce engaging content. These cookies may track things such as how long you spend on the site or pages you visit which helps us to understand how we can improve the site for you.From time to time we test new features and make subtle changes to the way that the site is delivered. When we are still testing new features these cookies may be used to ensure that you receive a consistent experience whilst on the site whilst ensuring we understand which optimizations our users appreciate the most.We use adverts to offset the costs of running this site and provide funding for further development. The behavioral advertising cookies used by this site are designed to ensure that we provide you with the most relevant adverts where possible by anonymously tracking your interests and presenting similar things that may be of interest.We also use social media buttons and plugins on this site that allow you to connect with your social network in various ways. For these to work the following social media sites including; Facebook, Instagram and Twitter will set cookies through our site which may be used to enhance your profile on their site or contribute to the data they hold for various purposes outlined in their respective privacy policies.10.4. More informationHopefully that has clarified things for you and as was previously mentioned if there is something that you aren’t sure whether you need or not it’s usually safer to leave cookies enabled in case it does interact with one of the features you use on our site.                                11. CONTACT INFORMATION AND PRIVACY QUESTIONSIf you have questions or comments about this Privacy Policy, please contact us at info@xtrememac.com.
XtremeMac Return & Refund Policy
Return and Refund1. In order to be eligible for a refund, you have to return the product within 15 calendar days of your purchase to the following address: XtremeMac Sàrl – 2 Rue d’Arlon, L-8399 Windhof, Koerich, Luxembourg. If the product is damaged in any way, or you have initiated the return after 15 calendar days have passed, you will not be eligible for a refund.2. The product and package must be in the same condition as you received it and undamaged in any way. We do not accept returns without the product package.3. After we receive your item, our team of professionals will inspect it and process your refund. The money will be refunded to the original payment method you’ve used during the purchase. It may take 5 to 10 business days for a refund to be processed. Once your refund has been processed you will be informed by email.5. XtremeMac is not responsible for shipping fees related with any returned items other than defected products. We are not liable for any lost or stolen packages after they are shipped out. XtremeMac is not liable for any products damaged or lost during shipping.
XtremeMac Shipment & Delivery Policy
Domestic and International Shipping Policy 1. Shipment processing timeAll orders are processed within 24 hours. If we are experiencing a high volume of orders, shipments may be delayed by a few days. Please allow additional days in transit for delivery. If there will be a significant delay in shipment of your order, we will contact you via email. 2. Shipping rates & delivery estimatesShipping charges for your order will be calculated and displayed at checkout. For orders above 50 Euros there will be no shipping charges.XtremeMac uses TNT Shipping services to deliver your parcel with estimated delivery time of 3-5 business days. 3. Shipment confirmation and order trackingOrders are not shipped or delivered on weekends or holidays.We currently only ship to the below countries: Austria, Belgium, Bulgaria, Croatia, Republic of Cyprus, Czech Republic, Denmark, Estonia, Finland, France, Germany, Greece, Hungary, Ireland, Italy, Latvia, Lithuania, Luxembourg, Malta, Netherlands, Poland, Portugal, Romania, Slovakia, Slovenia, Spain, Sweden and United Kingdom.We do not ship to any other countries that are not on this list.You will receive a Shipment Confirmation email once your order has shipped containing your tracking number(s). The tracking number will be active within 24 hours. 4. Returns PolicyOur Return & Refund Policy provides detailed information about options and procedures for returning your order.
Facebook-f
Twitter
Instagram
Youtube
Envelope
Home
About
White Line-Up
Active Lifestyle
Support
Contact
Privacy & Cookie Policy
Terms & Conditions
This website uses cookies to improve your experience. We'll assume you're ok with this, but you can opt-out if you wish.Accept Reject Cookie PolicyCookies Policy
Close
Privacy Overview
This website uses cookies to improve your experience while you navigate through the website. Out of these, the cookies that are categorized as necessary are stored on your browser as they are essential for the working of basic functionalities of the website. We also use third-party cookies that help us analyze and understand how you use this website. These cookies will be stored in your browser only with your consent. You also have the option to opt-out of these cookies. But opting out of some of these cookies may affect your browsing experience.
Necessary
Always Enabled
Necessary cookies are absolutely essential for the website to function properly. This category only includes cookies that ensures basic functionalities and security features of the website. These cookies do not store any personal information.
Non-necessary
Any cookies that may not be particularly necessary for the website to function and is used specifically to collect user personal data via analytics, ads, other embedded contents are termed as non-necessary cookies. It is mandatory to procure user consent prior to running these cookies on your website.
×