https://yhm.net/conditions
Toggle navigation
New ProductsAccessoriesSound SuppressionFirearms-TopEndsGraham Brothers RifleworksGear
Search
0							item(s) -
$0.00
PREVIEW OF YOUR CART
You have no items in your shopping cart.
Firearms & Accessories Made In The USA
Store Info & Support
Your Account
1-877-892-6533 Mon - Fri 7:30am to 4pm EST
Your Cart
Contact Us
Yankee Hill Machine
Home
Terms and Conditions Of Use
Conditions Of Use
Terms and Conditions of UseThis Web site ("Web Site") is provided by Yankee Hill Machine Co., Inc., for use by its customers, potential customers, and employees. This agreement ("Agreement") states the Terms and Conditions under which you may use this Web Site. Please read this page carefully. By accessing this web site you agree to be bound by the terms of this agreement. If you do not accept the Terms and Conditions stated here, do not use this Web Site.Yankee Hill Machine Co., Inc.  may revise these Terms and Conditions at any time by updating this posting. You should visit this page periodically to review these Terms and Conditions, because they are binding on you. If you violate any of these Terms, your permission to use the Materials (as defined below) automatically terminates and you must immediately destroy any copies you have made of the Materials.
Freight DamageEvery effort has been made to ensure that your order will arrive safely after it leaves us. Please check your shipment thoroughly upon receipt for any damage. Any visual carton damage or breakage observed must be noted on the delivery receipt as "Damaged Package(s)" before signing. Make all claims directly with the carrier. For freight truck deliveries, ask the driver for an "exception number" prior to his departure. We will make sure all damaged articles are replaced in an expedient manner. Failure to make a claim within 24 hours of receipt with carrier will result in denial of claim.
The LawLaws regarding the sale of certain items in this catalog may vary from state to state. It is solely the responsibility of the purchaser to be aware of and to conform to your local and state laws. The person placing an order from this catalog warrants that he or she is a legal adult and is under no legal disabilities which would prohibit such a person from ordering, owning, or possessing these items under state, federal or local laws.
Catalog/Website ErrorsWe do our best to make sure that the photos, descriptive copy, and prices are correct, but sometimes, despite our best efforts, they aren't. In the event that this does happen, we reserve the right to charge the correct price, ship the correct item, or correct the mistake. We will immediately notify you if any such correction is necessary.
Use of MaterialsYankee Hill Machine Co., Inc. authorizes you to view, copy, and reproduce for your own noncommercial use any of the Materials on this Web Site provided that you agree to and abide by the terms and conditions contained here and in any separate agreement you enter into withYankee Hill Machine Co., Inc..
The contents of this Web Site, such as text, graphics, images, trademarks, and other content ("Materials"), are protected by United States and foreign copyright, trademark, and other laws. Unauthorized use of the Materials may violate applicable laws. You must retain all copyright and other proprietary notices contained in the original Materials on any copy you make of the Materials. You may not sell or modify the Materials or reproduce, display, publicly perform, distribute, or otherwise use the Materials in any way for any public or commercial purpose. The use of the Materials on any other Web site or in a networked computer environment for any purpose is prohibited. Except as specifically stated here, nothing on this Web Site shall be construed as granting any license under any of Yankee Hill Machine Co., Inc.'s intellectual property rights, whether by implication or otherwise. Yankee Hill Machine Co., Inc. prohibits the use of any Yankee Hill Machine Co., Inc. trademark, or any related graphic, as a "hot" link to any Web site unless approved by Yankee Hill Machine Co., Inc.. All rights not specifically granted herein are hereby reserved by Yankee Hill Machine Co., Inc..
All products and services mentioned on this Web Site are identified by the trademarks or service marks of their respective companies or organizations.
Yankee Hill Machine Co., Inc. LiabilityThe Materials may contain inaccuracies or typographical errors. Yankee Hill Machine Co., Inc. makes no representations about the accuracy, reliability, completeness, or timeliness of the Materials or about the results to be obtained from using this Web Site or the Materials. The use of the Web Site and the Materials is at your own risk. Changes are periodically made to the Web Site and may be made at any time.
Yankee Hill Machine Co., Inc. does not warrant that the web site will operate error-free or that this web site and its server are free of computer viruses and other harmful goods. If your use of the web site or the materials results in the need for servicing or replacing equipment or data, Yankee Hill Machine Co., Inc. is not responsible for those costs.
This web site and the materials are provided on an 'as is' basis without any warranties of any kind. Yankee Hill Machine Co., Inc. and its suppliers, to the fullest extent permitted by law, disclaim all warranties, including the warranties of merchantability, non-infringement of third parties' rights, and the warranty of fitness for a particular purpose. Yankee Hill Machine Co., Inc. and its suppliers make no warranties about the accuracy, reliability, completeness, or timeliness of the materials, services, graphics, and links.
Notwithstanding anything contained herein to the contrary, the total maximum liability of Yankee Hill Machine Co., Inc. is limited, in Yankee Hill Machine Co., Inc.'s sole discretion, to either (i) repair of any affected materials or part thereof; or (ii) replacement of any affected materials or part thereof.
Disclaimer of Consequential DamagesIn no event shall Yankee Hill Machine Co., Inc., its affiliates, suppliers, or any third parties mentioned at this web site be liable for any damages whatsoever (including, without limitation, incidental and consequential damages, lost profits, or damages resulting from lost data or business interruption) resulting from the use or inability to use the web site and the materials, whether based on warranty, contract, tort, or any other legal theory, and whether or not Yankee Hill Machine Co., Inc. is advised of the possibility of such damages.
Links to Other Sites; Third-Party Content, Products, and ServicesThe Web Site may contain links to third-party Web sites or information about the products or services of a third party. These links and information are provided solely as a convenience to you and not as an endorsement or sponsorship by Yankee Hill Machine Co., Inc. of the contents on such third-party Web sites or the products or services of such third parties. Yankee Hill Machine Co., Inc. is not responsible for the content of linked third-party Web sites or the products or services of such third party and does not make any representations regarding the content or accuracy of materials on such third-party Web sites or the products or services of such third party. If you decide to access linked third-party Web sites or use products or services of any third party, you do so at your own risk. Some links may expire or move over time, and access to the sources of some links may require registration and/or fee-based subscriptions.
IndemnityYou agree to defend, indemnify, and hold harmless Yankee Hill Machine Co., Inc., its employees and agents, from and against any claims, actions or demands, including without limitation reasonable legal and accounting fees, resulting from your use of the Materials or your breach of the terms of this Agreement. Yankee Hill Machine Co., Inc. shall provide notice to you promptly of any such claim, suit, or proceeding and shall assist you, at your expense, in defending any such claim, suit or proceeding.
User InformationYankee Hill Machine Co., Inc. may use the information it obtains relating to you, including your IP address, name, mailing address, e-mail address, and use of the Web Site, for its internal business and marketing purposes, subject to the terms and conditions of its Privacy Statement.
GeneralThis Web Site was created, and is maintained, in Holyoke, Massachusetts. Yankee Hill Machine Co., Inc..  makes no claims that the Materials are appropriate for access or use outside of the United States. If you access the Web Site from outside of the United States, you do so at your own risk and are responsible for compliance with the laws of your jurisdiction. This Agreement is governed by the internal substantive laws of the Commonwealth of Massachusetts, without respect to its conflict of laws principles. Any action related to this Agreement shall be brought only in the state and federal courts of the Commonwealth of Massachusetts and both parties waive any objection to the personal jurisdiction of and venue in such courts. If any provision of this Agreement is found to be invalid by any court having competent jurisdiction, the invalidity of such provision shall not affect the validity of the remaining provisions of this Agreement, which shall remain in full force and effect. No waiver of any term of this Agreement shall be deemed a further or continuing waiver of such term or any other term. This Agreement constitutes the entire Agreement between you and the Yankee Hill Machine Co., Inc. with respect to the use of the Web Site and the Materials.