https://yourpetstore.com/index.php?main_page=privacy
Home
Log In
Categories
No-Pull Easy Leash
Personalized Leather Collars
Collars
Harnesses
Leashes
Leather
Pet ID Tags
Training Items
New Products ...
All Products ...
Information
Shipping & Returns
Privacy Notice
Conditions of Use
Contact Us
Site Map
Gift Certificate FAQ
Discount Coupons
Newsletter Unsubscribe
Home ::
Privacy Notice
Privacy Notice
Your Pet Store has created this privacy statement in order to demonstrate our firm commitment to privacy. The following discloses our information gathering and dissemination practices for this website: yourpetstore.com.We use your IP address to help diagnose problems with our server, and to administer our Web site. Your IP address is used to help identify you and your shopping cart.Our site uses cookies to keep track of your shopping cart and to make sure you don't see the same ad repeatedly. We use cookies to deliver content specific to your interests and to save your password so you don't have to re-enter it each time you visit our site.Our site's registration form requires users to give us contact information (like their name and email address). We use customer contact information from the registration form to send the user information about our company. The customer's contact information is also used to contact the visitor when necessary. Users may opt-out of receiving future mailings; see the choice/opt-out section below. Financial information that is collected is used to bill the user for products and services.This site contains links to other sites. yourpetstore.com is not responsible for the privacy practices or the content of such Web sites.Our site uses an order form for customers to request information, products, and services. We collect visitor's contact information (like their email address) and financial information (like their account or credit card numbers). Contact information from the order form is used to send orders and information about our company to our customers. The customer's contact information is also used to get in touch with the visitor when necessary. Users may opt-out of receiving future mailings; see the choice/opt-out section below. Financial information that is collected is used to bill the user for products and services.Public ForumsThis site makes chat rooms, forums, message boards, and/or news groups available to its users. Please remember that any information that is disclosed in these areas becomes public information and you should exercise caution when deciding to disclose your personal information.SecurityThis site has security measures in place to protect the loss, misuse and alteration of the information under our control. Children's GuidelinesThis site collects online contact information from children without prior parental consent or parental notification. The guidelines for the TRUSTe's children program are not being met by this site.Choice/Opt-OutOur site provides users the opportunity to opt-out of receiving communications from us and our partners at the point where we request information about the visitor.This site gives users the following options for removing their information from our database to not receive future communications or to no longer receive our service. You can send email to removal@yourpetstore.com You can snail-mail us at the address, below. Change/ModifyThis site gives users the following options for changing and modifying information previously provided. email corrections@yourpetstore.com snail-mail the address, below. Contacting the Web SiteIf you have any questions about this privacy statement, the practices of this site, or your dealings with this Web site, you can contact WebmasterPO Box 270961Littleton CO 80127Webmaster
Best Sellers
#1: No-Pull Easy Leash
#2: Large Dog Harness Fits Dogs 50-150 lbs
#3: Rivet Tag
#4: Adjustable Plastic Side-Release Buckle
#5: 1 3/4" Wide Plain Leather Collars
#6: 17-30" Adjustable Metal Side-Release Buckle
#7: 13-21" Adjustable Metal Side-Release Buckle
#8: 13-21" Adjustable Plastic Side-Release Buckle
#9: Large Dog Bone
#10: Small Dog Collar With Plastic Side-Release Buckle
What's New  [more]
Large Dog Leather Harnesses$65.00
Small Dog Leather Harnesses$20.00
Large Heart$8.00
Home
Copyright © 2020 Your Pet Store. Powered by Zen CartCustomized by JEANDRET  Hosted by JEANDRET