http://zheninc.com/policy-terms.html
(763) 323-48172665 4th Avenue, Suite 102,Anoka, MN 55303
HomeShop NowAbout Our ProductsZhen StoryContactCustomer Service and Policies
Customer Service and Policies
Privacy Policy & Security
When you provide us with information through this Website, we respect your privacy. It is important for you to understand what information we collect about you during your visit and what we do with that information. Your visit to this Website is subject to this Privacy Policy and our Terms and Conditions.
1. Information Collection and Use We do not collect personally identifiable information about you, except when you provide it to us. For example, if you decide to complete a user registration form or on-line survey, you may be asked to provide certain information such as your contact information (name, e-mail address, mailing address, and telephone number), age group, gender and product and/or cosmetic concerns, and the brands and products you use. If you decide to place an order, we also need to know your delivery and billing address, credit card number and expiration date. To protect your personal information, users registering at the Website must also enter a user name and password.
When you submit your personally identifiable information on this Website, you are giving your consent to the collection, use and disclosure of your personal information as set forth in this Privacy Policy. If you would prefer that we not collect any personally identifiable information from you, please do not provide us with any such information.
The information you provide may be used by us to create and deliver to you our newsletters, surveys or other communications containing product information, cosmetics tips, promotions, or information concerning your order. If you prefer not to receive such communications, please see Section 9 below. We may also use the information you provide in aggregate form for internal business purposes, such as generating statistics and developing marketing plans. We will not sell or rent your personally identifiable information to third parties without your consent, except as disclosed in this Privacy Policy.
We may collect, store or accumulate certain non-personally identifiable information concerning your use of this Website, such as information regarding which of our pages are most popular.
We may disclose any information, including personally identifiable information, we deem necessary, in our sole discretion, to comply with any applicable law, regulation, legal process or governmental request. We may also exchange information, including personally identifiable information, with other companies and organizations for credit fraud protection and risk reduction.
2. Cookies and Log Files We may place a "cookie" on your computer's hard drive so we can recognize you as a return user and personalize your experience. A cookie is a piece of data that enables us to track and target your preferences. The cookie will be stored on your computer's hard drive until you remove it. We may also use temporary or "session" cookies to help you shop. These cookies will expire when you leave the Website. You can have your browser notify you of, or automatically reject, cookies. If you reject our cookies, you may still use our Website, but you may be limited in the use of some of the features. Some of our business partners may also use cookies on our Website. However, we have no access to, or control over, these cookies and do not accept any responsibility for such use.
In addition, we may use IP addresses to analyze trends, administer our Website, track traffic patterns, and gather demographic information for aggregate use, as well as for credit fraud protection and risk reduction. We will never use IP addresses in combination with your personally identifiable information without your prior consent.
3. Third Parties We may retain other companies and individuals to perform functions on our behalf. Examples include data analysis firms, customer support specialists, web hosting companies, and fulfillment companies (e.g., companies that fill product orders or coordinate mailings). Such third parties may be provided with access to personally identifiable information needed to perform their functions, but may not use such information for any other purpose.
4. LinksThis Website may contain links to or from other websites. Please be aware that we are not responsible for the privacy practices of other websites, including, without limitation, Gloss.com. This Privacy Policy applies only to the information we collect on this Website. We encourage you to read the privacy policies of other websites you link to from our Website or otherwise visit.
5. Security We implement various security measures in accordance with industry standards to protect the security of your personal information, both on line and off line. If you have any questions about security at our Website, you can send an email to us by clicking here.
6. Business Transfers  As we continue to develop our business, we might sell certain of our assets. In such transactions, user information, including personally identifiable information, generally is one of the transferred business assets, and by submitting your personal information on the Website you agree that your data may be transferred to such parties in these circumstances.
7. Notification of Changes  We may revise this Privacy Policy from time to time. If we decide to change our Privacy Policy, we will post the revised policy here. As we may make changes at any time without notifying you, we suggest that you periodically consult this Privacy Policy. Please note that our rights to use your personally identifiable information will be based on the privacy policy in effect at the time the information is used.
8. Updating Your InformationYou have the ability to review, change and correct the personally identifiable information you provide us. If you are a registered user, you can review, change or correct your personal information at any time by clicking here. If you are a registered user, you may also request that we remove from our databases the personal information you provided when you registered at the Website by e-mailing us by clicking here. If you are not a registered user, but have provided personal information to us, you may make changes to your personal information by e-mailing us by clicking here.
9. Choice/Opt-Out   You may opt-out of receiving future communications from us when you register at this Website. You may change your preferences at any time by revising your profile, clicking the "unsubscribe" link at the bottom of each e-mail you receive from us and following the instructions provided, or, if you do not have a profile, by emailing us by clicking here.
10. Comments We have taken great measures to ensure that your visit to our Website is an excellent one and that your privacy is constantly respected. If you have any questions, comments or concerns about our privacy practices, please contact us by e-mail by clicking here.
Terms & Conditions
Welcome to our website (the "Website"). Zhen, Inc. ("Zhenbeauty.com", "we", "us" or "our") provides the services available on the Website to you subject to the following terms and conditions (the "Terms and Conditions"). By accessing or using the Website, you are acknowledging that you have read, understand, and agree, without limitation or qualification, to be bound by these Terms and Conditions.
1. Privacy Please review our Privacy Policy, which also governs your visit to the Website, so that you may understand our privacy practices.
2. Purchase Related Policies For specific policies related to orders placed through this Website (such as order processing, shipping and handling, returns and exchanges), click here [include link to customer service page].
3. Accuracy of Information We attempt to be as accurate as possible when describing our products on the Website; however, to the extent permitted by applicable law, we do not warrant that the product descriptions, colors or other content available on the Website is accurate, complete, reliable, current, or error-free.
4. Intellectual Property All content available on the Website, including, but not limited to, text, graphics, logos, button icons, images, audio clips, data compilations, and software, and the compilation thereof (the "Content") is the property of Zhenbeauty.com, our affiliates, our partners or our licensors, and is protected by United States and international copyright laws.
The trademarks, logos, and service marks displayed on the Website (collectively, the "Trademarks") are the registered and unregistered marks of Zhen Inc, our affiliates, our licensors or our partners, in the United States and other countries, and are protected by United States and international trademark laws. All other Trademarks not owned by us, our affiliates, our partners or our licensors that appear on the Website are the property of their respective owners, who may or may not be affiliated with, connected to, or sponsored by us.
Except as set forth in the limited license in Section 5 below, or as required under applicable law, neither the Content, the Trademarks, nor any other portion of the Website may be used, reproduced, duplicated, copied, sold, resold, accessed, modified, or otherwise exploited, in full or in part, for any purpose without our prior written consent.
5. Limited License We grant you a limited, revocable, and non-exclusive license to access and make personal use of the Website. Please note that you may not frame or utilize framing techniques to enclose the Website or any portion thereof without our prior written consent.
The limited license set forth in this Section 5 does not include the right to: (I) modify or download the Website or its contents (except caching or as necessary to view content); (II) make any use of the Website or its Content other than personal use; (III) create any derivative work based upon either the Website or its Content; (iv) collect account information for the benefit of another party; (v) use any meta tags or any other "hidden text" utilizing our name or the Trademarks without our express written consent; or (vi) use software robots, spiders, crawlers, or similar data gathering and extraction tools, or take any other action that may impose an unreasonable burden or load on our infrastructure.
You are granted a limited, revocable, and nonexclusive right to create a hyperlink to the home page of the Website for personal, non-commercial use only. A website that links to the Website (I) may link to, but not replicate, our Content; (II) may not imply that we are endorsing such website or its services or products; (III) may not misrepresent its relationship with us; (iv) may not contain content that could be construed as distasteful, obscene, offensive or controversial, and may contain only content appropriate for all ages; (v) may not portray us or our products or services, in a false, misleading, derogatory, or otherwise offensive or objectionable manner, or associate us with undesirable products, services, or opinions; (vi) may not use any Trademark without express written permission; (vII) may not link to any page of the Website other than the home page. We may, in our sole discretion, request that you remove any link to the Website, and upon receipt of such request, you shall immediately remove such link.
Any unauthorized use by you of the Website terminates the limited license set forth in this Section 5 without prejudice to any other remedy provided by applicable law.
6. Your Account If you use the Website, you are responsible for maintaining the confidentiality of your account and password and for restricting access to your computer, and you agree to accept responsibility for all activities that occur under your account or password. If you are accessing and using the Website on someone else's behalf, you represent that you have the authority to bind that person as a principal to all the Terms and Conditions provided herein, and you agree to accept liability for harm caused by any wrongful use of the Website resulting from such access or use. We reserve the right to refuse service, terminate accounts, or remove or edit content, for any reason, in our sole discretion without prior notice.
7. Third Party Links We are not responsible for the content of any off-Website pages or any other websites linked to or from the Website, including, without limitation. Links appearing on the Website are for convenience only and are not an endorsement by us, our affiliates or our partners of the referenced content, product, service, or supplier. You’re linking to or from any off-Website pages or other websites is at your own risk. We are in no way responsible for examining or evaluating, and we do not warrant the offerings of, off-Website pages or any other websites linked to or from the Website, nor do we assume any responsibility or liability for the actions, content, products, or services of such pages and websites, including, without limitation, their privacy statements and terms and conditions. You should carefully review the terms and conditions and privacy policies of all off-Website pages and other websites that you visit.
8. Submissions We welcome inquiries or feedback on the products you use or might like to purchase, however it is our policy to decline unsolicited suggestions and ideas. Notwithstanding our policy with regard to unsolicited suggestions and ideas, any inquiries, feedback, suggestions, ideas or other information you provide us (collectively, "Submissions") will be treated as non-proprietary and non-confidential. Subject to the terms of our Privacy Policy, by transmitting or posting any Submission, you hereby grant us a nonexclusive, royalty-free, perpetual, transferable, irrevocable, and fully sub licensable right to use, reproduce, modify, adapt, publish, sell, assign, translate, create derivative works from, distribute, and display any Submission in any form, media, or technology, whether now known or hereafter developed, alone or as part of other works. You also acknowledge that your Submission may not be returned and we may use your Submission, and any ideas, concepts or know how contained therein, for any purpose including, without limitation, developing, manufacturing, distributing and marketing products.
If you make a Submission, you represent and warrant that you own or otherwise control the rights to your Submission. You further represent and warrant that such Submission does not constitute or contain software viruses, commercial solicitation, chain letters, mass mailings, or any form of "spam." You may not use a false e-mail address, impersonate any person or entity, or otherwise mislead us as to the origin of any Submission. You agree to indemnify us for all claims arising from your claims to any rights in any Submission.
9. Representations and Warranties; Limitation of Liability THE WEBSITE IS PRESENTED "AS IS." WE MAKE NO REPRESENTATIONS OR WARRANTIES OF ANY KIND WHATSOEVER, EXPRESS OR IMPLIED, IN CONNECTION WITH THESE TERMS AND CONDITIONS OR THE WEBSITE, INCLUDING BUT NOT LIMITED TO WARRANTIES OF MERCHANTABILITY, NON-INFRINGEMENT OR FITNESS FOR A PARTICULAR PURPOSE, UNLESS SUCH REPRESENTATIONS AND WARRANTIES ARE NOT LEGALLY EXCLUDABLE.
YOU AGREE THAT WE WILL NOT BE RESPONSIBLE OR LIABLE, UNDER ANY CIRCUMSTANCES, FOR ANY (a) INTERRUPTION OF BUSINESS; (b) ACCESS DELAYS OR ACCESS INTERRUPTIONS TO THE WEBSITE; (c) DATA NON-DELIVERY, MISDELIVERY, CORRUPTION, DESTRUCTION OR OTHER MODIFICATION; (d) LOSS OR DAMAGES OF ANY SORT INCURRED AS A RESULT OF DEALINGS WITH OR THE PRESENCE OF OFF-WEBSITE LINKS ON THE WEBSITE; (e) COMPUTER VIRUSES, SYSTEM FAILURE OR MALFUNCTION WHICH MAY OCCUR IN CONNECTION WITH YOUR USE OF THE WEBSITE, INCLUDING DURING HYPERLINK TO OR FROM THIRD PARTY WEBSITES; OR (f) EVENTS BEYOND OUR REASONABLE CONTROL.
FURTHER, TO THE MAXIMUM EXTENT PERMITTED BY LAW WE WILL NOT BE LIABLE FOR ANY INDIRECT, SPECIAL, INCIDENTAL, OR CONSEQUENTIAL DAMAGES OF ANY KIND (INCLUDING LOST PROFITS) RELATED TO THE WEBSITE REGARDLESS OF THE FORM OF ACTION WHETHER IN CONTRACT, TORT (INCLUDING NEGLIGENCE), OR OTHERWISE, EVEN IF WE HAVE BEEN ADVISED OF THE POSSIBILITY OF SUCH DAMAGES. IN NO EVENT SHALL OUR MAXIMUM AGGREGATE LIABILITY EXCEED ONE HUNDRED DOLLARS ($100.00).
10. Indemnification You agree to defend, indemnify and hold us harmless for any loss, damages or costs, including reasonable attorneys' fees, resulting from any third party claim, action, or demand resulting from your use of the Website. You also agree to indemnify us for any loss, damages, or costs, including reasonable attorneys' fees, resulting from your use of software robots, spiders, crawlers, or similar data gathering and extraction tools, or any other action you take that imposes an unreasonable burden or load on our infrastructure.
11. Disputes With respect to any dispute regarding the Website, your rights and obligations and all actions contemplated by these Terms and Conditions shall be governed by the laws of New York, as if the Terms and Conditions were a contract wholly entered into and wholly performed within New York. Any dispute relating in any way to your visit to the Website shall be submitted to confidential arbitration in New York, except that, to the extent you have in any manner violated or threatened to violate our intellectual property rights, we may seek injunctive or other appropriate relief in New York, and you consent to exclusive jurisdiction and venue in such courts. Arbitration under this agreement shall be conducted under the rules then prevailing of the American Arbitration Association. The arbitrator's award shall be binding and may be entered as a judgment in any court of competent jurisdiction. To the fullest extent permitted by applicable law, no arbitration under this Agreement shall be joined to an arbitration involving any other party subject to this Agreement, whether through class arbitration proceedings or otherwise.
12. General You acknowledge and agree that these Terms and Conditions, together with our Privacy Policy, constitute the complete and exclusive agreement between us concerning your use of the Website, and supersede and govern all prior proposals, agreements, or other communications.
We reserve the right, in our sole discretion, to change these Terms and Conditions at any time by posting the changes on the Website. Any changes are effective immediately upon posting to the Website. Your continued use of the Website constitutes your agreement to all such terms and conditions. We may, with or without prior notice, terminate any of the rights granted by these Terms and Conditions. You shall comply immediately with any termination or other notice, including, as applicable, by ceasing all use of the Website.
Nothing contained in these Terms and Conditions shall be construed as creating any agency, partnership, or other form of joint enterprise between us. Our failure to require your performance of any provision hereof shall not affect the full right to require such performance at any time thereafter, nor shall our waiver of a breach of any provision hereof be taken or held to be a waiver of the provision itself. In the event that any provision of these Terms and Conditions shall be unenforceable or invalid under any applicable law or be so held by any applicable court decision, such unenforceability or invalidity shall not render these Terms and Conditions unenforceable or invalid as a whole. We will amend or replace such provision with one that is valid and enforceable and which achieves, to the extent possible, our original objectives and intent as reflected in the original provision.
If you have any questions regarding these Terms and Conditions, please contact us by clicking here.
Other Policies
Zhen CorporateZhen Inc.2665 4th Avenue, Suite 102Anoka MN 55303-1672info@zheninc.comsales@zheninc.com
Order Information and Processing
Most orders are processed within 24 hours of receipt (processing time does not include weekend days). Overnight Service and 2nd Day shipping orders, placed by 3:00 PM ET will be processed and shipped the same day, depending on product availability. Orders placed on Saturday and Sunday will be processed the following Monday. Orders with Priority Shipping will be processed the same day if received by 3:00 PM CST (except major holidays). We're sorry, but we are currently unable to accept orders that are billed or shipped to destinations outside the United States and Canada . Canadian customer are responsible for any Duty and/or custom charges. We apologize for any inconvenience. Orders being sent to P.O. Boxes or Military APO / FPO addresses must be shipped via the United States Postal Service and cannot be shipped via Overnight Priority service. * All purchases are subject to bank authorization prior to processing. Only authorized purchases may be processed and shipped.
Inquire about products/order statusPlease contact Zhenbeauty at info@zheninc.com or  sales@zheninc.com
Order Cancellations
Occasionally, orders or parts of an order are cancelled by our system for various reasons. Some reasons are:    Item(s) not available    Difficulty in processing payment information    Cannot ship to address provided    Duplicate order was placed    Cancelled due to a customer request If your order is cancelled, you will receive an email notice alerting you to the cancellation. You will not be billed for any cancelled items. If you are interested in placing a new order or if you have questions about a cancelled order, please contact Zhen beauty Customer Service at 1-763-323-4701 or via email info@zheninc.com.
Return and Exchange Policy
If for any reason you are not satisfied with your regular priced Zhen beauty purchase, simply return the unused portion, and we will be happy to remit your account for the full amount of your purchase. No return on discounted or specially priced products. If you prefer, you may exchange your purchase for other Zhen products. Please follow the instructions on the invoice enclosed with your order to complete your return or exchange.Mail to:ZhenbeautyReturns Department2665 4th Ave, Ste 102Anoka MN 55303We're sorry, but return shipping fees are not refundable. Please Note: Only regular priced items purchased on Zhenbeauty.com may be accepted for return or exchange. For additional information on returns and exchanges, please contact us at  info@zheninc.comDamagesIf your package was damaged in shipment by the carrier, save the box and merchandise and notify us immediately at info@zheninc.com. The carrier will inspect and pick up the damaged package and the damaged items will be replaced.Shipping Options and ChargesZhen beauty accepts orders that are billed and shipped to locations in the United States (includes APO/FPO, P.O. Boxes, and U.S. Territories) and Canada. Canadian customer are responsible for any Duty and/or custom charges.Shipping OptionsZhen beauty orders are shipped and delivered on business days (Monday through Friday, excluding major holidays). Below are the shipping options available for your order. Please select the option that best suits your delivery needs during "Checkout."Standard Service Most orders with Standard Service are delivered within 3 -7 business days from the order's ship date.Expedited Service Orders shipped via Expedited Service are delivered within one to two business days from the order's ship date. Expedited Service is through USPS and is available Monday through Thursday, Fridays shipments will be delivered on Monday. Orders must be placed by 3pm CST to make that days shipment.
Expedited ServiceShipments to APO/FPO and PO Box addresses Most items may be shipped to a P.O. Box or Military APO / FPO addresses, but some restrictions apply. Orders being sent to P.O. Boxes or Military APO / FPO addresses must be shipped via the United States Postal Service and cannot be shipped via Expedited service.Please note: Orders are shipped and delivered on business days (Monday through Friday, except major holidays). Orders being shipped to P.O. Box and APO/FPO addresses must be sent via standard shipping method.
Shipping Charges
Standard Shipping and Handling Charges per order Order Total: Shipping Cost:$0.00 - $ 24.99 -- $5.75$25.00 - $ 49.99 -- $6.75$50.00 - $99.99 -- $7.75Over $100.00 -- $8.75Expedited Shipping Charges per order 0 - 25 = $22.7525 - 50 = $24.7550 - 100 = $27.75100 - 200 = $31.75200+ = $35.75
Payment Options
Zhen accepts the following credit cards: American Express, Visa, MasterCard and Discover. All credit cards are processed via Paypal.Please Note: For your security your billing name and address must match that of the credit card used for payment. We reserve the right to cancel any order that does not match these criteria.
Billing
You will not be charged for your purchase until your order is shipped. For assistance with billing questions, please contact Zhen beauty Customer Service at   email sales@zheninc.com.
Sales Tax
We are required by law to collect sales tax on orders being shipped to Minnesota and Hawaii. If you are shipping to any other destination in the U.S., sales tax will not be charged on your purchase. If you have other questions regarding sales tax, please contact us via email.
International Orders
International orders are shipped by United States Postal Service USPS services. The shipping rates for international orders are;0 - 25 = $10.7525 - 50 = $12.7550 - 75 = $14.7575 - 100 = $16.75100 - 200 = $18.75200+ = $20.75
Home | Shop Now | About Our Products | Zhen Story | Contact | Customer Service and Policies
Copyright © 2013 Web Design by Web.com Group, Inc.