https://zips.com/privacy-policy
800-222-6047
Used Truck Marketplace
Towing Instructions
Free Shipping!
800-222-6047
Logout
Login
Register now
Shop
Trucks & Trailers
Car Carriers (55)
Industrial Carriers (8)
Light Duty Wreckers (21)
Heavy Duty Wreckers (31)
Detachable Towing Units (5)
Service Trucks (12)
Industrial Trailers (33)
Truck Bodies (124)
Cab Chassis (123)
Shop
Apparel
Hi-Vis Safety Apparel
Hi-Vis Safety Apparel
Hi-Vis Safety Vests (100)
Hi-Vis Shirts (53)
Hi-Vis Sweatshirts (22)
Hi-Vis Jackets & Coats (54)
Hi-Vis Pants & Overalls (28)
Hi-Vis Rain Gear (43)
Hi-Vis Accessories (27)
Workwear
Workwear
Work Jackets (23)
Work Sweatshirts (4)
Work Shirts (10)
Work Vests (5)
Work Overalls & Coveralls (10)
Work Pants & Shorts (10)
Work Accessories (3)
Casual Wear
Casual Wear
Shirts (10)
Jackets & Vests (5)
Sweatshirts (3)
Accessories (1)
Footwear
Footwear
Work Boots (32)
Work Shoes (3)
Footwear Accessories (7)
Gloves
Gloves
Hi-Vis Gloves (27)
Winter Gloves (3)
Dress Gloves (1)
Work Gloves (60)
Hats
Hats
Hi-Vis Hats (20)
Baseball Caps (26)
Winter Hats (8)
Personal Protection Equipment
Personal Protection Equipment
Hard Hats (20)
Face Masks (7)
Knee Pads (7)
Hearing Protection (13)
Protective Eyewear (30)
Clearance Apparel
Clearance Apparel
Closeout Apparel (218)
Overstock Apparel (2)
Shop
Products
Towing Straps & Chains
Towing Straps & Chains
Tie-Down Straps (127)
Wheel Lift Straps & Tie-Downs (156)
Axle Straps (23)
V-Chain & V-Strap Assemblies (102)
J-Chain Assemblies (23)
Towing Hooks & Clusters (53)
Safety Chains (14)
Steering Wheel Locks (10)
Cargo Control
Cargo Control
Ratchet Straps & Tie Downs (62)
Measuring Sticks (4)
Flatbed Winches (62)
Winch Straps (55)
Winch Bars (13)
Utility Strap Assemblies (24)
Transport Chain (22)
Transport Chain Hooks (42)
Chain Binders (30)
D-Rings & Tie Down Anchors (40)
Cargo Bars, Load Bars & Shoring Beams (33)
Cargo Accessories (49)
Ratchets & Hardware
Ratchets & Hardware
Ratchet Buckles (103)
Ratchet Hardware & Accessories (26)
Long Handle Ratchets (1)
Rigging & Recovery Supply
Rigging & Recovery Supply
Lifting & Recovery Chains (73)
Lifting Straps & Slings (111)
Snatch Blocks (43)
Hooks & Hardware (105)
Shackles (45)
Spreader Bars & Lifting Hardware (20)
Air Lift Cushions, Bags & Accessories (37)
Outrigger Pads & Cribbing (17)
Side Puller Recovery Systems (14)
Roadside Assistance
Roadside Assistance
Jump Start Equipment (257)
Air Compressors & Tanks (33)
Hoses & Reels (30)
Gas Cans (22)
Jacks & Jack Stands (27)
Tire Service Tools (28)
Wheel Chocks (21)
Rotation Kits & Cleanup (3)
Fuel & Lube Transfer Systems (20)
Trash Cans (14)
Winch Lines & Hardware
Winch Lines & Hardware
Synthetic Winch Rope (14)
Fiber Core Cables (15)
Steel Core Cables
(19)
Super Swaged (7)
Super Flex (2)
Winch Cable Hooks & Hardware (44)
Towing Accessories
Towing Accessories
Dollies
(66)
Car Carrier Supply (76)
Light/Medium Duty Wrecker Supply (43)
Heavy Duty Wrecker Supply (241)
Motorcycle Towing Supply (57)
Forms & Manuals (56)
Tow Lot Storage Supply (15)
Race Ramps (31)
Custom Trim & Accessories (105)
Decals (8)
Toy Tow Trucks & Books (26)
Lockout Tools
Lockout Tools
Lockout Kits (50)
Slim Jim Tools (13)
Long Reach Tools (30)
In The Door Tools (61)
Wedges (38)
Lockout Accessories (49)
Lockout Manuals (4)
Tow Lights
Tow Lights
Wireless Tow Lights (78)
Wired Tow Lights (25)
Emergency & Warning Lighting
Emergency & Warning Lighting
Light Bars (27)
Mini Light Bars (51)
Beacons (121)
Warning Lightheads (213)
Dash & Interior Warning Lights (19)
Traffic Advisors (32)
Flasher Controllers (5)
Light Mounts & Accessories (90)
Work & Truck Lighting
Work & Truck Lighting
Flashlights (67)
Truck Lights (246)
Work Lights (330)
Cargo Lights (66)
Safety Supplies
Safety Supplies
Reflective Tape (31)
Traffic Cones (44)
Road Flares (14)
Reflective Triangles (8)
Safety Flags (32)
Roadside Safety Signs (56)
First-Aid Supplies (16)
Fire Extinguishers
(11)
Absorbents & Spill Kits (34)
Communication Devices (5)
Barricades (9)
Winches
Winches
Electric Winches (34)
Hydraulic Winches (61)
Manual Winches (3)
Toolboxes & Storage
Toolboxes & Storage
Toolboxes (81)
Truck Storage & Organization (86)
Toolbox Shelving & Accessories (63)
Toolbox Drawer Systems (41)
Toolbox Latches, Repair & Repair Parts (84)
Mounting Brackets & Hardware (24)
Truck Chassis Accessories
Truck Chassis Accessories
Navigation (23)
Cameras (85)
Seat Covers (172)
Alarms & Horns (49)
Wheel Simulators & Hub Parts (129)
Tire & Wheel Supply (87)
Fenders (65)
Mico Brake Locks (21)
Mud Flaps (37)
Push Bumpers, Guide Lights, & Hardware
(137)
Sunvisors & Mirrors (20)
Spring & Suspension Enhancement (338)
Throttle Controls (30)
Running Boards (9)
Aftermarket Fuel Tanks (19)
Mobile Office Vehicle Mounts (63)
Hitches & Accessories (39)
Cab Protectors & Truck Racks (68)
Snow Removal, Dump Bodies, & Lift Gates
Snow Removal, Dump Bodies, & Lift Gates
Snow Plows (9)
Snow Pushers (1)
Salt & Sand Spreaders (33)
Lift Gates & Dump Bodies (21)
Shop Supplies & Equipment
Shop Supplies & Equipment
Clean-Up (29)
Brooms & Shovels (41)
Washing & Detailing Supplies (27)
Grease Guns & Lubricants (28)
Filters (37)
Compressor \ Generator \ Welder (150)
Hand Tools (150)
Tool Bags & Cases (5)
Creepers (1)
Battery Chargers (2)
Car Hauler Trailer Supply
Car Hauler Trailer Supply
Car Hauler Straps & Chains (34)
Loading Ramps (13)
Ladders & Ladder Steps (18)
Jacks (10)
Electrical (15)
Clearance Products
Clearance Products
Closeout Products (233)
Overstock Products (228)
Scratch and Dent Products (8)
Shop
Repair Parts
Shop by Parts Schematics
Order direct from a parts diagram
Shop by Department
Order by browsing parts.
Car Hauler Trailer Parts
Car Hauler Trailer Parts
Gear Heads & Locks (8)
Position Safety Locks (3)
Pumps & Motors (18)
Cylinders & Control Valve Hardware (135)
Batwing & Flipper Hardware (2)
Trailer Repair & Repair Parts (79)
Car Carrier Parts
Car Carrier Parts
Wheel Lift L-Arms, Outer Crosstubes & Hardware (188)
Pivot Pin Kits
(74)
Wear Pad Kits
(102)
Control Assemblies & Hardware (53)
Cylinder & Pin Replacement (58)
Tail Light Assemblies & Wiring Harnesses (74)
Hydraulic Valve Bodies & Service Parts (35)
Car Carrier Winch Repair Parts (63)
Removable Side Rail Replacement (3)
Bed Lock Hardware & Tie-Down Anchors
(26)
Carrier Light Pylons (17)
Carrier Body Lighting (7)
Light Duty Wrecker Parts
Light Duty Wrecker Parts
WheelLift L-Arms, Receivers & Hardware (3)
Fender Flares & Fender Flares HD (40)
Boom End Sheaves, Guides, & Hardware (34)
Cylinder and Pin Replacement (192)
Control Hardware (1)
Control Valve Bodies & Hardware (53)
Hydraulic Pumps, Outriggers & Repair Parts (14)
Control Cables & Cable Springs (24)
Body Lighting (3)
Wrecker Light Pylons (28)
Medium / Heavy Wrecker Parts
Medium / Heavy Wrecker Parts
WheelLift L-Arms, Crossbars, Receivers & Hardware HD (30)
Boom End Sheaves, Guides & Hardware HD (25)
Cylinder and Pin Replacement HD (56)
Control Valve Bodies & Hardware HD (17)
Cable Storage Springs HD (1)
Remote Controls HD & Control Cables HD (12)
Body Lighting HD (33)
Wrecker Light Pylons HD (10)
Hydraulic Outriggers & Repair Parts HD (59)
Zacklift Main Body Repair Parts (53)
Zacklift Inner Main Repair Parts (21)
Zacklift Horizontal Repair Parts (67)
Zacklift Grid Head Repair Parts (4)
Zacklift Mounts & Hardware (47)
Snow Plow Repair Parts
Snow Plow Replacement Parts
Hydraulic Power Units & Hardware (75)
Hydraulic Hardware (110)
Electrical Hardware (156)
Lift Frames & Hardware (170)
Mold Boards & Deflectors (165)
Cutting Edges & Back Drags (49)
Mounts (135)
Miscellaneous Hardware (191)
SaltDogg Repair Parts (9)
Lighting
Lighting
Tow Light Parts & Accessories (128)
Lightbar Parts & Accessories (135)
Wiring Harnesses
(15)
Replacement Bulbs (102)
Lighting Repair Parts (41)
Miscellaneous Lighting & Mounting Hardware (193)
Flashlight Repair Parts (11)
Tow Dolly Parts
Tow Dolly Parts
Camlocks (17)
Carrier Dolly Parts & Hardware (10)
Dolly Frames (23)
Dolly Axles (12)
Dolly Hubs & Wheels (30)
Dolly Spindles (16)
Dolly Trip Assemblies (7)
Dolly Hardware (66)
Automotive Positioning Dolly Parts
Automotive Positioning Dolly Parts
Body & Axle Assemblies (28)
Casters & Wheels (25)
Automotive Positioning Dolly Hardware (70)
Hydraulic Hardware
Hydraulic Hardware
PTO Repair Parts & Cables (76)
Clutch Pump Kits & Repair Parts (91)
Self-Contained Hydraulic Power Unit (9)
Hydraulic Pumps, Fittings, Hoses & Repair Parts (91)
Wetline System Components (44)
Zacklift Valves & Hardware (49)
Electrical Hardware
Electrical Hardware
Wireless Remotes & Electric Brake Controllers
(59)
Switch Panels & Switches (119)
Circuit Breakers, Junction Boxes, Relays, & Solenoids (63)
Battery Protection & Inverters (18)
Trailer Cable Cords & Plugs (20)
Wheel Simulator Repair Parts
Wheel Simulator Replacement Parts
Lugnuts & Lugnut Covers (53)
Stud Extenders (25)
Hub Covers (136)
Tools & Accessories (20)
Brackets & Rings (17)
Replacement Liners (31)
Diesel Emission Products
Diesel Emission Products
Caterpillar (6)
Cummins (37)
Detroit Diesel/ Mercedes-Benz (6)
Navistar/International (20)
Isuzu (3)
Paccar (9)
Volvo/Mack (16)
Winch Repair Parts
Winch Replacement Parts
Cable Tensioners & Roller Fairleads (88)
Free Wheel Hardware (8)
Winch Equipment (87)
Shop by Parts Schematics
Order Direct from a parts diagram
Go
Products
Trucks
Item Number
Menu
Go
Products
Trucks
Item Number
User Account
Service Providers
My Account
Wishlist
Logout
Sign In
MENU
Shop Trucks & Trailers
Shop Apparel
Shop Products
Shop Repair Parts
My Account
Wishlist
About Us
Owner's Gallery
Resources & Documentation
Shipping, Returns, Warranty Information
Live Webcams
Request Info
Print
Facebook
Instagram
Twitter
Youtube
Replacement Parts
Shop by Parts Schematics
Order direct from a parts diagram
Shop by Department
Order by browsing parts.
Apparel
Hi-Vis Safety Apparel
Workwear
Casual Wear
Footwear
Gloves
Hats
Personal Protection Equipment
Clearance Apparel
Products
Towing Straps & Chains
Cargo Control
Ratchets & Hardware
Rigging & Recovery Supply
Roadside Assistance
Winch Lines & Hardware
Towing Accessories
Lockout Tools
Tow Lights
Emergency & Warning Lighting
Work & Truck Lighting
Safety Supplies
Winches
Toolboxes & Storage
Truck Chassis Accessories
Snow Removal, Dump Bodies, & Lift Gates
Shop Supplies & Equipment
Car Hauler Trailer Supply
Clearance Products
Shop by Parts Schematics
Search Models
Car Carriers
Wreckers
Snow Removal
Winches
Side Puller Recovery Systems
Tow Dollies
Detachable Underlifts
Auto Positioning Dollies
Lights
Trailers
Toolboxes
Fifth Wheel Power Hitch
Shop by Department
Car Hauler Trailer Parts
Car Carrier Parts
Light Duty Wrecker Parts
Medium / Heavy Wrecker Parts
Snow Plow Replacement Parts
Lighting
Tow Dolly Parts
Automotive Positioning Dolly Parts
Hydraulic Hardware
Electrical Hardware
Wheel Simulator Replacement Parts
Diesel Emission Products
Winch Replacement Parts
Privacy Policy
We have created this privacy statement in order to demonstrate our firm and continuing commitment to the privacy of personal information provided by those visiting and interacting with this web site. We hold the privacy of your personal information in the highest regard. The following discloses our information gathering and dissemination practices for this website.
We recognize the importance of protecting your privacy and our policy is designed to assist you in understanding how we collect, use and safeguard the personal information you provide to us and to assist you in making informed decisions when using our site. This policy will be continuously assessed against new technologies, business practices and our customers' needs.
What Information Do We Collect? When you visit this web site you may provide us with two types of information: personal information you knowingly choose to disclose that is collected on an individual basis and Web site use information collected on an aggregate basis as you and others browse our Web site.
1. Personal Information You Choose to Provide
Registration Information - When you register for any of our products, services or newsletters you will provide us information about yourself.
Credit Card Information - If you choose to avail of our services, you may need to give personal information and authorization to obtain information from various credit services. For example, you may need to provide the following information:
Name
Mailing address
Email address
Credit card number
Name on credit card
Credit card billing address
Business and home phone number
Email Information
If you choose to correspond with us through email, we may retain the content of your email messages together with your email address and our responses. We provide the same protections for these electronic communications that we employ in the maintenance of information received by mail and telephone.
2. Web Site Use Information
Similar to other commercial Web sites, our Web site utilizes a standard technology called "cookies" (see explanation below, "What Are Cookies?") and web server log files to collect information about how our Web site is used. Information gathered through cookies and Web server logs may include the date and time of visits, the pages viewed, time spent at our Web site, and the Web sites visited just before and just after our Web site. How Do We Use the Information That You Provide to Us? Broadly speaking, we use personal information for purposes of administering our business activities, providing the products and services you requested, to process your payment, to monitor the use of the service, our marketing and promotional efforts and improve our content and service offerings, and customize our site's content, layout, services and for other lawful purposes. These uses improve our site and better tailor it to meet your needs. Furthermore, such information may be shared with others on an aggregate basis. Personally identifiable information or business information will not be shared with parties except as required by law. Occasionally, we may also use the information we collect to notify you about important changes to our Website, new services, and special offers we think you will find valuable. You may notify us at any time if you do not wish to receive these offers by emailing us at the link provided on the newsletter.
What Are Cookies?
A cookie is a very small text document, which often includes an anonymous unique identifier. When you visit a Web site, that site's computer asks your computer for permission to store this file in a part of your hard drive specifically designated for cookies. Each Web site can send its own cookie to your browser if your browser's preferences allow it, but (to protect your privacy) your browser only permits a Web site to access the cookies it has already sent to you, not the cookies sent to you by other sites. Browsers are usually set to accept cookies. However, if you would prefer not to receive cookies, you may alter the configuration of your browser to refuse cookies. If you choose to have your browser refuse cookies, it is possible that some areas of our site will not function as effectively when viewed by the users. A cookie cannot retrieve any other data from your hard drive or pass on computer viruses.
How Do We Use Information We Collect from Cookies?
As you visit and browse our Web site, the site uses cookies to differentiate you from other users. In some cases, we also use cookies to prevent you from having to log in more than is necessary for security. Cookies, in conjunction with our Web server's log files, allow us to calculate the aggregate number of people visiting our Web site and which parts of the site are most popular. This helps us gather feedback to constantly improve our Web site and better serve our clients. Cookies do not allow us to gather any personal information about you and we do not intentionally store any personal information that your browser provided to us in your cookies.
Interest-based advertising
We use 3rd party vendor re-marketing tracking cookies, including the Google Adwords tracking cookie. This means we will continue to show ads to you across the internet, specifically on the Google Content Network (GCN). As always we respect your privacy and are not collecting any identifiable information through the use of Google’s or any other 3rd party remarketing system.
The third-party vendors, including Google, whose services we use – will place cookies on web browsers in order to serve ads based on past visits to our website. This allows us to make special offers and continue to market our services to those who have shown interest in our service.
IP Addresses
IP addresses are used by your computer every time you are connected to the Internet. Your IP address is a number that is used by computers on the network to identify your computer. IP addresses are automatically collected by our web server as part of demographic and profile data known as "traffic data" so that data (such as the Web pages you request) can be sent to you.
Sharing and Selling Information
We do not share, sell, lend or lease any of the information that uniquely identify a subscriber (such as email addresses or personal details) with anyone except to the extent it is necessary to process transactions or provide services that you have requested.
How Can You Access and Correct Your Information?
You may request access to all your personally identifiable information that we collect online and maintain in our database by emailing us at the usual address.
What About Legally Compelled Disclosure of Information?
We may disclose information when legally compelled to do so, in other words, when we, in good faith, believe that the law requires it or for the protection of our legal rights. We may also disclose account information when we have reason to believe that disclosing this information is necessary to identify, contact or bring legal action against someone who may be violating our Terms of Service or to protect the safety of our users and the Public.
What About Other Websites Linked to Our Website?
We are not responsible for the practices employed by Web sites linked to or from our Web site or the information or content contained therein. Often links to other Web sites are provided solely as pointers to information on topics that may be useful to the users of our Web site.
Please remember that when you use a link to go from our Website to another web site, our Privacy Policy is no longer in effect. Your browsing and interaction on any other web site, including web sites, which have a link on our Website, is subject to that Web site's own rules and policies. Please read over those rules and policies before proceeding.
Your Consent
By using our Web site you consent to our collection and use of your personal information as described in this Privacy Policy. We reserve the right to amend this privacy policy at any time with or without notice.
Our Commitment To Data Security:
Please note that your information will be stored and processed on our computers in the United States. The laws on holding personal data in the United States may be less stringent than the laws of your Country of residence or citizenship. To prevent unauthorized access, maintain data accuracy, and ensure the correct use of information, we have put in place appropriate physical, electronic, and managerial procedures to safeguard and secure the information we collect online.
Choice/Opt-In/Opt-Out
This site allows visitors to unsubscribe so that they will not receive future messages. After unsubscribing we will discontinue sending the particular messages as soon as technically feasible.
Surveys & Contests
From time-to-time our site requests information from users via surveys or contests. Participation in these surveys or contests is completely voluntary and the user therefore has a choice whether or not to disclose this information. Information requested may include contact information (such as name and shipping address), and demographic information (such as zip code, age level). Contact information will be used to notify the winners and award prizes. Survey information will be used for purposes of monitoring or improving the use and satisfaction of this site.
A Special Note About Children
Children are not eligible to use our services unsupervised and we ask that children (under the age of 14) do not submit any personal information to us. If you are a minor, you can use this service only in conjunction with permission and guidance from your parents or guardians.
Acquisition or Changes in Ownership
In the event that the website (or a substantial portion of its assets) is acquired, your information would be considered part of those assets, and may be part of those assets that are transferred.
Security
Our Site uses industry-standard encryption technology to provide for the security of your credit card numbers. In addition, We have put in place reasonable procedural and technical standards to protect the security of our Sites and information We maintain. However, We cannot guarantee that any electronic commerce is totally secure. We encourage you to take affirmative steps to protect yourself online, including ensuring that any online account information you have remains secure.
Non-US Users
The Sites are operated in the United States. If you are located outside of the United States, please be aware that any information you provide to us will be transferred to the United States and by using the Sites/giving your information, you consent to such transfer, and understand that the U.S. may not provide the same level of protections as the laws of your country.
Policy Updates
From time to time We may change our privacy policies because of changes in the relevant and applicable legal or regulatory requirements, changes in our business or business practices, or in our attempts to better serve our customers. Notice of any material changes in the manner in which We handle personally identifiable information under this policy will be provided on the Sites. Please check the Site periodically for updates. Policy updates shall be effective the date the change is posted on the Site. By continuing to use the Site after We post any changes, you agree to the terms of the updated policy.
Questions
If users have any questions or suggestions regarding our privacy policy, please contact Us as follows: by email at zips@zips.com, mail at 316 W. Milwaukee St. New Hampton, IA 50659 or call 641-394-4044
Be the First to Know about New Products and Savings
Online Resources
Towing Instructions
Blog
Owner's Gallery
Site Map
Product Support
Shop By Brand
Equipment Brochures
Parts Manuals
Request Catalog
Customer Service
Contact Us
Shipping / Returns / Warranty
FAQ
Company Information
About Us
Careers
Financing
Why Finance?
Why Lease?
Equipment Finance-Lease Application
Business Questionnaire
Copyright © 2020 Zip's. All Rights Reserved. Seller reserves the right to adjust prices or correct errors. Privacy Policy