http://zuzuspetalsdesigns.com/privacy/
Privacy | Zuzu's Petals Constructions
Zuzu's Petals Constructions
Designing A Perfect Construction Work
Menu
Skip to content
HomeAbout
Contact
Privacy
Privacy
Privacy Policy:
zuzuspetalsdesigns.com ("Zuzu")
operates zuzuspetalsdesigns.com and may operate other websites. It
is Zuzu’s policy to respect your privacy regarding any information we may collect
while operating our websites.
Website Visitors
Like most website operators, Zuzu collects non-personally-identifying information of the
sort that web browsers and servers typically make available, such as the browser type, language preference,
referring site, and the date and time of each visitor request. Zuzu’s purpose in
collecting non-personally identifying information is to better understand
how Zuzu’s visitors use its website. From time to
time, Zuzu may release non-personally-identifying information in the aggregate, e.g., by
publishing a report on trends in the usage of its website.
Zuzu also collects potentially personally-identifying information like Internet Protocol
(IP) addresses for logged in users and for users leaving comments on zuzuspetalsdesigns.com
blogs/sites. Zuzu only discloses logged in user and commenter IP addresses under the same
circumstances that it uses and discloses personally-identifying information as described below, except that
commenter IP addresses and email addresses are visible and disclosed to the administrators of the blog/site
where the comment was left.
Gathering of Personally-Identifying Information
Certain visitors to Zuzu’s websites choose to interact
with Zuzu in ways that require Zuzu to gather
personally-identifying information. The amount and type of information that Zuzu gathers
depends on the nature of the interaction. For example, we ask visitors who sign up at zuzuspetalsdesigns.com to provide a
username and email address. Those who engage in transactions with Zuzu are asked to
provide additional information, including as necessary the personal and financial information required to
process those transactions. In each case, Zuzu collects such information only insofar as
is necessary or appropriate to fulfill the purpose of the visitor’s interaction with
Zuzu. Zuzu does not disclose personally-identifying information
other than as described below. And visitors can always refuse to supply personally-identifying information, with
the caveat that it may prevent them from engaging in certain website-related activities.
Aggregated Statistics
Zuzu may collect statistics about the behavior of visitors to its
websites. Zuzu may display this information publicly or provide it to others.
However, Zuzu does not disclose personally-identifying information other than as
described below.
Protection of Certain Personally-Identifying Information
Zuzu discloses potentially personally-identifying and personally-identifying information
only to those of its employees, contractors and affiliated organizations that (i) need to know that information
in order to process it on Zuzu’s behalf or to provide services available
at Zuzu’s websites, and (ii) that have agreed not to disclose it to others. Some
of those employees, contractors and affiliated organizations may be located outside of your home country; by
using Zuzu’s websites, you consent to the transfer of such information to
them. Zuzu will not rent or sell potentially personally-identifying and
personally-identifying information to anyone. Other than to its employees, contractors and affiliated
organizations, as described above, Zuzu discloses potentially personally-identifying and
personally-identifying information only in response to a subpoena, court order or other governmental request, or
when Zuzu believes in good faith that disclosure is reasonably necessary to protect the
property or rights of Zuzu, third parties or the public at large. If you are a registered
user of an Zuzu website and have supplied your email address, Zuzu
may occasionally send you an email to tell you about new features, solicit your feedback, or just keep you up to
date with what’s going on with Zuzu and our products. If you send us a request (for
example via email or via one of our feedback mechanisms), we reserve the right to publish it in order to help us
clarify or respond to your request or to help us support other users. Zuzu takes all
measures reasonably necessary to protect against the unauthorized access, use, alteration or destruction of
potentially personally-identifying and personally-identifying information.
Cookies
A cookie is a string of information that a website stores on a visitor’s computer, and that the visitor’s browser
provides to the website each time the visitor returns. Zuzu uses cookies to
help Zuzu identify and track visitors, their usage of Zuzu
website, and their website access preferences. Zuzu visitors who do not wish to have
cookies placed on their computers should set their browsers to refuse cookies before
using Zuzu’s websites, with the drawback that certain features
of Zuzu’s websites may not function properly without the aid of cookies.
Business Transfers
If Zuzu, or substantially all of its assets, were acquired, or in the unlikely event
that Zuzu goes out of business or enters bankruptcy, user information would be one of the
assets that is transferred or acquired by a third party. You acknowledge that such transfers may occur, and that
any acquirer of Zuzu may continue to use your personal information as set forth in this
policy.
Ads
Ads appearing on any of our websites may be delivered to users by advertising partners, who may set cookies.
These cookies allow the ad server to recognize your computer each time they send you an online advertisement to
compile information about you or others who use your computer. This information allows ad networks to, among
other things, deliver targeted advertisements that they believe will be of most interest to you. This Privacy
Policy covers the use of cookies by Zuzu and does not cover the use of cookies by any
advertisers.
Privacy Policy Changes
Although most changes are likely to be minor, Zuzu may change
its Privacy Policy from time to time, and in Zuzu’s sole
discretion. Zuzu encourages visitors to frequently check this page for any changes to
its Privacy Policy. If you have a zuzuspetalsdesigns.com account, you might also
receive an alert informing you of these changes. Your continued use of this site after any change in
this Privacy Policy will constitute your acceptance of such change.
Builders NewsManual Key Machines: What Are Your Options?What Should You Look for in Your Next Furniture Purchase?The Benefits of Artificial Plants
Search for:
Categories
Blog
builder
house extension
Removals
scaffolding london
Recent Posts
How To Effectively Handle An Office Move
The Cost Of Scaffolding In London
Things to Know about House Extensions
The Top Reasons To Consider A Loft Conversion For Your Home
How You Can Find Great Builders In Your Area
Tagsbuilder
contractor
conversion
extension
house
house extension
loft
loft conversion
planning
recomendation
research
Share This Page @FacebookReddit
October 2020
M
T
W
T
F
S
S
1234
567891011
12131415161718
19202122232425
262728293031
« Mar
|